UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
US House Republicans eye reluctant Ryan for speaker
Senate confirms Yellen as Fed head
Death toll in Lebanon bombings rises to 47
Rouhani leads in Iran presidential vote - preliminary results
Al-Qaida Leader Urges Kidnapping of Westerners
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.
paris is the capital of france. 
A black and a yellow dog
Two white horses staring over a fence.
general nikolai n. urakov is the longtime director of the the state scientific center of applied microbiology.
Canadians released in Egypt, not yet heading home
Iran hardliners attack nuclear deal
Fern I think stories like this are stupid.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on
Bombs in southern Thailand kill 5, wound 50
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans's space industry. 
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
Okla. inmate dies of heart attack after botched execution
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
Statement by the Spokesperson of High Representative Catherine Ashton on the latest spate of attacks in Iraq
Rodney King death ruled accidental
A man is playing a guitar.
Myanmar’s Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.
Francis begins papacy with prayer
A woman is chopping some shiso leaves.
Car bomb kills one and wounds five in Benghazi
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
Zambia's ex-President Rupiah Banda arrested
Police stop Maldives presidential election
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
A man is slicing an onion.
China opposes US arms sales to Taiwan
Bank of England deputy denies ordering rate-rigging
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
A dog running along the beach.
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
Syria urges refugees to return
Halliburton 1Q income rises 23 pct
ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency's program. 
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
A woman feeds an animal by hand.
There are several sheared sheep in a pen.
Senate approves Obama nominee to key appeals court
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
A man is fishing in the river.
Train service disrupted between Raffles Place and Marina Bay
Nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen
EU, Myanmar work toward investment protection agreement
A turtle is walking.
The sun is rising behind trees.
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.
Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails
A man is straining pasta.
Chinese shares close higher Friday
Sadly Ford did accept taxpayer money.
UK's Prince Philip hospitalized
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
When did I compare homo sexuaity with a developmental disorder?
Nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars
P.G. police seeking driver in crash that killed child
Two birds flying near bird feeders.
It's definitely NOT what it used to be.
Strauss-Kahn charged in prostitution vice ring
puerto cabezas is located 557 km northeast of managua, nicaragua.
The two dogs were in the pen.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
A man is moving large rocks.
a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil. 
4.1 magnitude quake strikes U.S
A woman is making a bed.
A close-up view of a horse's head.
A man is cutting open a box.
Exit polls suggest Putin ally wins Moscow vote
Two women are shopping.
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
no, it's not an answer.
A woman cuts up broccoli.
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
Cairo protesters defy crackdown threat
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
Someone is peeling a banana.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
A man is putting a pan into an oven.
John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
US offers $10 million for Pakistani militant chief
What was my opinion of Firefly in the interim?
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.
Three storey building collapses in Ebute Meta
16 killed in series of attacks in Iraq
Gotta love the EK factoid that "Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.
Clinton ready to fight for Obama
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
A gibbon is swinging in the trees.
Two German tourists, two pilots killed in Kenya air crash
anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient. 
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that-- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking. 
Obama says clear rules needed to calm South China Sea
it presents a major threat to global security.
A man is riding a motorcycle on the highway.
A man is cleaning the house.
Redskins trade for No. 2 pick
A skateboarder jumping in the street.
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
You claimed Zimmerman " Stalked him down, then shot him ".
I don't like flavored beers.
A man is mixing a bowl.
A boy is looking at a calendar.
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
A group of guys play instruments outside.
French Fear New Serial Killer After Murders
Two dogs in a yard.
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day. 
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
Armenians vote in parliamentary elections
I think he'd be better for American business interests overall.
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
The man talked on the telephone.
A man is pouring chili into a bowl.
Why was the Book of Thomas left out of the canon?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
Mubarak retrial adjourned to June
I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.
Freedom of speech has consequences!
Syrian rebels retreat from besieged Homs district
Indian stocks open flat
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did Wednesday
She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
A dog is barking at an electronic toy duck.
A man plays the guitar.
Afghan parliament approves U.S.-Afghan security pact
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
US postpones missile test over N Korea tensions
At least 73 die in Egyptian soccer pitch invasion
He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
China yuan weakens to 6.1535 against USD
Typhoon Fitow makes landfall in east China
at the state scientific center of applied microbiology there is every kind of deadly bacteria that was studied for use in the secret biological weapons program of the soviet union. 
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
Iran says ready for fresh round of nuclear talks
Palestinians: 2 Gaza militants killed in Israeli airstrike on coastal strip
A man is smelling two pizzas.
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
It is an excellent indicator of climate change.
A rabbit is running from an eagle.
Refresh your memory: Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport
Police seek gunmen in New Orleans Mother's Day parade shooting
Bangladesh building-collapse death toll climbs to 580
a bus driving in a street.
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
Asteroid passes Earth in fly-by
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
A woman is slicing tofu.
Pakistan's Musharraf Under Arrest in Bhutto Assassination
What isn't how what was sold?
Pilot killed as US jet crashes in England
"It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
the international institute for strategic studies is located in london.
A kid is playing a guitar.
Jake with the assist.
"This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
Scuba diver submerged in water.
Bairstow hits ton in India tour match
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.
Hot Air Balloon 'Catches Fire And Crashes'
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
Man Charged After Buckingham Palace Arrest
religious fiction Isn't that redundant and repetetive?
A man and woman are driving down the road in an open air vehicle.
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
A mostly black train on a track.
"And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.
A black dog is running through the snow.
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.
Sewol ferry crew faces trial
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
A horse is running.
Some county officials pave the way for same-sex marriage
The woman is shooting a rifle.
France's Hollande backs Greece but urges credible reform
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
Two cows are drinking from a pond.
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms. 
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Train driver in Spain crash questioned by judge
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
Russia has no intention to incorporate southeastern Ukraine: FM
Nirvana is NOT oblivion.
Someone is cooking okra in a pan.
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
Hollande 'threatens legal action' after affair allegations
Wikileaks soldier Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.
South Africa hosts 'peace talks' in mine standoff
Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy
Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Osama Bin Laden movie to be filmed in India
Bombing Aimed at Hezbollah Hits Southern Beirut
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
Prince William of Britain arrives in Beijing
Two dogs swim in a pool.
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
A man and woman is walking in the grand.
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
"They drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away," he said on Sunday.
Official of Malaysia Airlines briefs relatives of missing flight passengers about search progress
A woman is chopping an onion.
Woman dies after abortion refusal
The bomb exploded in the desert.
N Korea warns of retaliation for South Korea drill
A woman is slicing meat with a knife.
A man is slicing a pepper.
Mandela's condition has 'improved'
South Korean woman in contact with MERS patient dies
Clashes continue between police and protesters in Turkey
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
"It looks very much like an isolated event," World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
"Being against nukes" does not mean "not wanting to use nukes".
brazil's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry. 
Japan starts hearings on proposed tax hike
russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic.
Someone is slicing a cucumber.
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.
A woman reads while on public transportation.
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
Putin speaks on Ukraine, protesters rebuild barricades
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
loose change started out as a work of fiction.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
Britain's Prince Philip set for 'exploratory' surgery
Chinese stocks open higher Thursday
George Zimmerman to be charged in Trayvon Martin case, official says
Menendez faces possible corruption charges
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990.
Pakistan's Musharraf arrives at court for first time
A white dog running on sand.
A man playing the guitar.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
Japanese planes flew into China's new defense zone
Three dead, including gunman, in Maryland mall shooting
3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai car bombing
China yuan retreats to 6.2697 against USD Thursday
Iran condemns alleged Israeli airstrike on Syria
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
A man is playing the guitar.
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
The man did pushups on a wall.
the agreement was signed during a regular meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 nato allies.
A black and white dog is running through the field.
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
A yellow bird perched on a branch.
Stocks inch higher in early trading
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
Joran Van Der Sloots Plans To Get Married In Peru Prison
A law is constitutional if it does not conflict with the Constitution.
US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.
A rabbi is talking.
Two UK Soldiers Killed In Afghanistan
Boeing airliner crashes in Russia, 50 killed
UK confirms fears over Syria's chemical weapons
The scuba diver is underwater.
Pope calls for action on climate change in draft encyclical
Israeli minister slams Kerry’s boycott warning
Wall Street Ends Mixed
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial.
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
Several SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with ``ELF'' and other slogans, said Sgt. Tom Wright.
You need to polish up on your logic skills.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
A young girl is using sign language.
Red Cross says negotiating halt to fighting in Syria to take aid
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
The man sat in his suit and smoked.
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
Iran's Rouhani warns of Talibanisation in Syria
North and South Korea break their silence with talks
A man is eating his food.
Egypt: Police clash with pro-Morsi protesters
A man is playing an electric guitar.
Napolitano elected for second term as Italy president
Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan
A woman is slicing an onion.
Obama Secret Service agents sent home
Seven foreign workers kidnapped in Nigeria
A woman poses with a baby.
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
No plan to shut petrol pumps at night Moily
Islamists attack Malian troops in Gao
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
S. Korea demands talks with N. Korea on closed factory
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
Australian icebreaker arrives in East Antarctica for new rescue bid
the united states and other nato members have refused to do ratify the updates cfe.
Fourteen killed in Brazil bus accident
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to World Cup
Australian PM insists no argument with Indonesia
A girl is eating a cupcake.
A man is eating.
A person breaks an egg into a small bowl.
Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66
Search ends for missing asylum-seekers
NATO sticks to transition roadmap in Afghanistan: Rasmussen
A man cutting butter into a mixing bowl.
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe and was first signed in 1990. 
Radio prankster in tears over nurse’s death
I am OK with MEDICAL use!
A woman is cutting a potato.
The dog pulled the dogs tail and then his leg.
A girl loses her kite.
A man is coming out into the water.
Your schtick is getting stale.
UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
RI condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
Helicopter crashes in London
A woman, in a kitchen, peels a lemon.
Stocks to watch at close on Thursday
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
I hope your LO is ok.
So, short form, yes, it probably is different in different countries.
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
Obama cancels Moscow meeting with Putin
A dog is wearing a gray jacket.
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
Residents return to Fallujah
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
A man and and woman are running together, holding hands.
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.
A white and red bus traveling on the street.
Former New Mexico Gov. Richardson pressing North Korean test ban
A man is kicking oots of water.
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
Topless Women Protest Against Berlusconi As He Votes In Election
A boy is riding a bike on a gate.
A man is folding a piece of paper.
Thousands gather for new Russian anti-Putin rally
Renowned Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia dies
Gonsalves keeps up pressure on Dom Rep
Train gliding on tracks.
Romney wins Maine Republican caucuses
"Oh, you're such a good person!
Capello resigns as England manager
Brazil's 'Pop-Star Priest' Gets Mammoth New Stage
Crocodile victim's body recovered
A woman is straightening her hair.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.
Two men charged with terrorism offences
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
Westwood in front a Dubai Desert Classic
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
China expands search area for missing plane
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states. 
Burma's reforms bring easing of U.S. sanctions
Someone is handling a bun.
A couple walking down the street.
Rudd sworn in as Australia's new Prime Minister
"I'm very proud of the citizens of this state," said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
Bomb threat forces evacuation at Princeton
A woman is scraping a carrot.
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
Britain summons Israeli envoy over settlements
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Has Died
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
a man doing a trick on skateboard
Suicide bomber kills 16 in Russia’s Volgograd
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
Reid cites 'tremendous progress' in debt ceiling talks
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar and singing into a microphone.
Castro celebrates 86th birthday Monday
Man kills 4 in Calif. before police shoot him dead
the united states and some european nations believe that iran's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons.
A white Jeep parked on a street.
Markets Live: China drags
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
Israel launches airstrike into Syria
49 feared dead in Buenos Aires train crash
Five People Charged With Terror Offences
British stuntman dies in wingsuit mishap in Alps
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat
A woman is resting in a floating raft.
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
Inflation falls to 15-month low
Musharraf arrested in Pakistan
A man takes a slice of pizza.
Trees are bending in storm.
If it wasn't a life, then it would not be able to be born.
Tropical Storm Karen poised to make landfall
Play With Fire We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
indian defense ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent.
A dog is speaking to the camera.
Seamus Heaney, Irish poet and Nobel winner, dies at 74
the plan for tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection. 
Cash-rich Apple to pay dividend, buy back shares
A man is cutting a vegetable.
Assad says mercenaries are behind Syria unrest
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
Titanic violin sells for $1.7 million
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
A dog is driving a car.
Julian Assange Plans to Run for Australian Senate
A monkey pulled a dogs tail.
Sandy strengthens as nears coast; Wall Street shut
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
Avalanche buries at least 100 Pakistani soldiers
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
the international atomic energy association stated that jordan has agreed to the additional measures. 
Chinese president arrives in Venezuela for state visit
A man is placing meat in a bag.
We are meant to explore.
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.
US drone kills two in eastern Afghanistan
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
This eclipses the old record of  set in .
Two dead, 7 injured in Finland shooting
The missile exploded.
Russia invites Syrian opposition for talks
2 killed, dozens injured by blast in southwest Pakistan
Egypt announces one-month state of emergency nationwide
If you asked , conservatives, the numbers will be skewed to the right.
A squirrel runs around in circles.
Government of Canada Supports Women's Safety in Regina
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
Russia 'alone' in blaming Syrian rebels for chemical attack: US
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
Obama urges decisive action on Europe debt crisis
Settlers Beat up Palestinian in Jerusalem
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
A girl does a back bend on the beach.
Teenager and father killed in crash
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
In Islamist-led Egypt, Coptic Church names new pope
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
Syria car bomb kills at least 12 in rebel-held town
Some children are jumping on Trampoline.
Hong Kong stocks open 0.62 pct higher
At least 20 killed in Syria Saturday
NATO protesters convicted on non-terrorism charges
South Africa holds state funeral for Mandela
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
The Latest on Severe Weather: 1 Dead in Texas After Tornado
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges.
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
A skier speeds through the snow.
Think about all the things you can't "eat, wear, or live in".
Owners, others charged in Bangladesh factory fire
The man is up in the air.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
Sony forecasts record annual loss of $6.4bn
WHO: New virus can probably pass person to person
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
Two men on the side of a barge
Couple marry in the UK's first Scientology wedding
Who makes money off google ad sense?
Do you not understand what that string of words means?
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
Russia, Ukraine foiled plot to kill Putin, report says
A man is playing a wooden flute while several other men play bongo drums.
We think they have the right to choose.
Sprinters Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell test positive for banned substance
Matt Holliday owns, y'all.
Do you see Hitler killing Jews?
And that is happening in GOP controlled states.
Two women are hugging on a couch.
Three more US soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Malaysia's ruling coalition wins majority
South Korea confirms that North Korea has conducted controversial third nuclear test
This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
A man is playing drums.
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
70 retailers agree to new Bangladesh factory safety pact
A car is backing out of a blocked lane.
after talks at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeated russia's opposition to u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismissed u.s. assertions that the interceptors were needed to defend against potential threats from iran.
france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter (alh). 
A cat is watching a TV.
Bradley triumphs at Firestone as Furyk fades
A man puts some cheese on a pizza.
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption. 
Egypt's presidential election begins
Hackney shooting: Teenager Shereka Marsh 'bled to death after being shot in neck'
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
Intel's McAfee Buys Cloud-Based, Networked Firewall Specialist Stonesoft For $389M In Cash
Amazon unveils new Fire TV streaming video box
A cat is playing.
Journalists hail London Olympics opening
Lacey - welcome back!
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
A man is spreading butter onto bread.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
A white cat standing on a carpet.
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
A person is playing a piano keyboard.
"We were seconds away from having that happen," Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
If so, alot of cops should take presciption drugs.
Asian markets lifted by positive US, China data
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.
Muslim Brotherhood banned in Egypt
ALL of the electrical energy comes from the battery.
A woman is cutting shrimps.
2 of the individuals arrested were released. 
A man making a bed in a hotel.
Red double decker bus driving down street.
Romney leads Santorum in GOP Super Tuesday contests
White House, defense contractors discuss harm of automatic spending cuts
South Korea reports 14th Mers death, 12 new cases
The new Cold War
the international atomic energy agency is based in
The lady cracked two raw eggs.
South Africa Admits Mistake Over 'Schizophrenic' Mandela Signer
A man skateboards on a half pipe.
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
Israeli forces arrest 21 Palestinians overnight, clash with locals
The man is dancing.
French Socialists win absolute parliament majority
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
A dog sleeping under a table.
61 dead in Ivory Coast stampede
physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china. 
A man is sky surfing on the water.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
A woman is riding on an elephant.
Fitch upgrades Ford to investment grade
A man dives into a pool.
So, I don't know how legitimate this is but yeah.
"I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage," Hubbard said.
Iran's Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide
Senior Pakistani Taliban commander captured in Afghanistan
Over 100 dead as typhoon slams central Philippines
the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia.
The impact of sanctions on Russia
Google shares soar past $1,000 on strong earnings
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
Ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban
Explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in Lebanon's Tripoli
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse, officials vow
A fish is swimming.
A woman is frying something in the pan.
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
A man is playing the flute.
The one that has  walks home afterwards and goes to sleep.
Pakistan holds direct talks with Taliban
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.
A woman fixes her hair.
Attacks in Iraq kill general and 4 others
Romney, Obama fight for edge on Medicare
"They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.
A man climbs up a rope.
EU renews sanctions against Zimbabwe
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
Full Episode: Nightline 6/29: Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise to Divorce
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
A group of men are dancing.
French-led troops control access to Timbuktu
Larry Page says Android important, not critical
Someone is playing a keyboard.
Super Typhoon Haiyan, Strongest of Season, Slams the Philippines
French raid wine cellar for austerity auction
A woman is chopping up garlic.
Typhoon Fitow slams into southeastern China
Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States.
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
May Housing Starts Up 6.8%
Three young women standing in a room together.
"PNC regrets its involvement" in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
US ramps up response to Ebola crisis
Ukraine's Yanukovych says he does not plan to resign
Two men on boat floating on the water.
Texas hospital worker tests positive for Ebola
Bangladesh factory owners arrested as death toll nears 350
zhang yan stated that all countries should abide by non-proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy.
get a cooling trend from  because of the recent decline.
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
The white train is sitting on the tracks.
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty. 
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
 billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
Iraqi president in hospital due to health problem
Conan O'Brien at the White House Correspondents' Dinner
Nelson Mandela dies: Live coverage
The Japanese population is nearly  million.
"The issue has been resolved," Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
She was a great lady.
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.
Nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some Infiniti cars
Donetsk Region Protesters Detain Trucks Carrying Government Rocket Ammo
Cyprus probes Ukraine assets
A man is running with a bus.
Thai political protests paralyse more ministries
Tata Nano and other Indian small cars fail crash tests
court official tran dao stated the 12 people were among 29 people convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china.
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan
So that you will admit and verify that I have made no claim.
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok.
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon
Tropical Storm Andrea to slide up East Coast
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.
Winter Storm Janus: State-by-State...
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years.
More expensive cars.
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
A monkey brushes a dog.
The dog is standing at the counter.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
Gunman may have filmed school massacre
North Korea launches short-range missiles
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Saudis to permit women to compete in Olympics
a snowboarder jumps into the air.
A woman is stirring two eggs in a glass bowl.
Rick Santorum notches a victory in Kansas caucuses
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
A man ties a noose.
2 explosions rock city in northern Lebanon
Out of touch and untrustworthy?
300 potential Jimmy Savile victims: police
A man is riding a mechanical bull.
A women standing next to a brown cow.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
David Miliband: my brother and a return to old Labour
Iran presidential candidate says western sanctions should be broken
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
A woman is slicing tomato.
Obama is part of the extreme leftwing.
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
3 dead in Maryland mall shooting
People stand outside a bookstore.
South Africa president: Mandela is improving
Halliburton Q1 profits rise on strong North America sales
A man is playing on a guitar and singing.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
Two people sit on the end of a dock.
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.
many of the attacks originated abroad. 
A badger is burrowing a hole.
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
A woman is feeding her baby with a bottle.
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95
Death toll in Syria now tops 100,000
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
A woman is playing a guitar.
Obama pledges to reignite economy
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
Originally Posted by Lone Fox You've said that multiple times now.
Smeone is laying down.
Brazilian leader holds crisis talks on street protests
The girl is spraying the plants with water.
myanmar's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking. 
Syria gunmen kill three Syrian officers: NGO
Coronation Street's Bill Roache Arrested
Cracklin' Rosie by Neil Diamond We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A man lays on the ground and aims a rifle.
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo
Philippines defers comment on Taiwan fisher attack
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.
US stocks tumble on third day of shutdown
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
The red bus is on the street.
Indian policeman injured in gang-rape protest dies
Chinese stocks gain at midday Monday
the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (approximately 13.9 billion us dollars) to the uk defense company bae systems.
When Christians are extreme its just simply religion.
the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying. 
A large bird is flying through the air.
The man is driving a white car.
UN Chief: Inspectors need 4 days to conclude probe in Syria
the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program.
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
Chris Brown concerts cancelled new
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
A woman brushes some shrimp.
Obama takes offensive against Romney in debate
Police fire tear gas to disperse protesters in Tunis
Americans scramble to sign up for Obamacare by deadline
restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed. 
Driver backs into stroller with child, drives off
A man is putting two paper towels on a paper plate.
I purport to value human life very highly.
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
india has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's nuclear weapons delivery systems.
China's Wen promises job creation
Champions Trophy: India v South AfricaLive
occupied Palestinian territory: Israel warns on security as Gaza truce talks resume
Three dogs play in a grassy field.
U.N. Security Council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza
adherence to non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy. 
A double decker bus on a city street.
Indonesia: Six dead in Indonesian volcanic eruption
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare.
Three freed in centre abuse probe
Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
Three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
German envoy optimistic about Iran-G5+1 talks
A person cuts a big green pepper apart.
7.3 magnitude earthquake strikes Nepal
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
Facilitator : And why is she the dumb child?
NATO: Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border
Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy returns to stir up election
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: "The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
Spanish bulls gore seven to death
Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
A woman is eating something.
Telemarketing Associates, hired by VietNow, raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995.
A young child slides down an orange slide.
50 survivors found in Bangladesh factory
A gorilla is playing the drums.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
A man is cutting a paper.
capital offences in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.
Train pulling into a station.
Amazon's Bezos buys Washington Post for $250-M
North Korea conducts third nuclear test
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
Two boys are skate boarding.
sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day.
A man is playing a bamboo flute.
Dozens killed in Laos plane crash
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.
A woman cracks two eggs into a glass bowl.
Bollywood cuts costs by a third as rupee collapse bites
SC dismisses govt's review plea in Vodafone tax case
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
'Israeli' arrested in Yemen Mossad spy
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
U.N. observer patrol arrives at Syria massacre site
A computer operating on a desk.
Thai protesters obstruct vote; 1 dead in violence
A little girl swimming in a pool.
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
Ariel Castro sentenced to 1,000 years in prison
2 dead, 8 injured in central Israel traffic accident
Car Bomb Wounds 15 in Hezbollah Stronghold in Lebanon
Nelson Mandela returns to hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."
Strong quake jolts most parts of Pakistan
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
PCB appoints Waqar Younis as head coach
Addie Joss Cone threw an  game.
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
Labor ministry announcement due on Monday
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
Jaya Prada all set to join BJP
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
The doctor was helping the patient.
Investigators probe motives of LAX airport shooter
Govt. to hold talks with FTII students
Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
Someone is playing piano.
News is my Business
A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.
Originally Posted by Vienna How was it authoritarian?
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.
China’s new carrier extends military modernization drive
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
Gunmen kill 10 in Philippine political violence
to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
Two cows cross a paved street.
Queen visits London soldier attack scene
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
Someone is feeding a animal.
Oil prices rise on hopes for stimulus
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
Three children stand on or near a fence.
A dog running through the woods.
New Zealand legalizes same-sex marriage
A man is talking.
Taliban denies involvement in Boston marathon bombing
Captain of capsized S Korean Ferry Arrested
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
EU Receives 2012 Nobel Peace Prize
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
GOP candidate Romney to call to arm Syrian rebels
A man sharpens a pencil using a knife.
A sheep standing on a table at auction.
A man is playing two pianos.
A woman is applying eyeshadow.
A man plays the flute.
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
US ups pressure on Israel as UN demands Gaza truce
two dogs running on the beach
A person holding a net is standing in the water.
Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries
What the Papers Say, Nov. 19, 2013
Someone is folding a piece of paper.
A woman is cooking broccoli.
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is 37 years old. 
A person is slicing some onions.
"Cyclopes don't exist" - fine.
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
A couple slow dances.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
Penn State football slammed with NCAA sanctions
A woman is eating meat.
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
the drug has been around in other forms for years.
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
S Korea opposition candidate closes poll gap
At least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north Yemen
Sixteen killed in Venezuela prison
A woman rubs a baby's leg.
A woman is playing the flute.
Obama condemns Egypt violence, cancels military exercises
A woman is squeezing juice out of a lemon.
A dog is running around a yard.
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
U.S. transfers Bagram prison to Afghan control
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
PC David Rathband: twin brother's fears for his 'bestest mate'
A man is playing on his keyboard.
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
Sachin Tendulkar says I'm not God, I'm Sachin
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
A boy is crawling into a dog house.
Syrian opposition offers Assad's forces truce for duration of Ramadan
NATO US troop detained over shooting of Afghan civilians
A guy on a white horse.
Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.
Two skydivers dead after colliding during US jump
Boston police say 3 taken into custody in Marathon bombing
A person crashes on a motorcycle.
Crowds, Dignitaries Gather for Mandela Memorial Service
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
the osce meeting was held in madrid.
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
US, Afghan govt to hold peace talks with Taliban
Explosion at Venezuela Refinery Kills at Least 39
A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.
A woman and three kids play at a park.
Gates blast rocks Obama administration
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
A man is walking with several dogs.
State Dept security chief resigns after Benghazi
"If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism," he said.
Ten sheep looking at the camera.
Hamas calls on Hezbollah to pull forces out of Syria
Iran rejects claim on chlorine bombs
UN Security Council to vote on up to 300 Syria monitors
That would make you partially responsible for their death.
San Fermin bull-running festival starts
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
"Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated," Mackey said in a statement.
"I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier," James said.
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
I am hoping he is into a second term of office.
Sudan blames Israel for Khartoum arms fire
7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded. 
Thousands of troops to march for Jubilee
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
Two dogs running through tall grass.
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
A woman is slicing partially into half of an onion.
41 killed, 22 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
Nerves Calmed -- For Now : Markets Jump on Relief over Spanish Bank Bailout
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.
7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan
Stocks to watch on Monday
A monkey is karate kicking at someone's gloved hand.
A woman is exercising.
the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in chechnya. 
Italian parliament backs new PM
china is a member of the ballistic missile club. 
The man played his guitar with a friend.
On 50th anniversary of JFK death, Dallas holds its first memorial
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
Hundreds of Bangladesh clothes factory workers ill
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
Discipline against student thought to be key to motive
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
Komen won't cut Planned Parenthood funding
A man chops down a tree with an axe.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital
3 Chinese tourists killed in Pakistan
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?
"It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case," Sax added.
Police raise death toll in bus accident to 8
A rat like creature is smelling around.
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
Palestinians clash with security forces in W. Bank
Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast
At least six dead in US shooting rampage
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
Iran says UN nuclear talks will continue
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (January 22 ‚Äď 28, 2014)
The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!
Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding
the number 254 was tabulated with an afp count compiled from press and witness reports. 
String of Iraq blasts kills at least 32
Runners compete in a race.
Matt Smith to leave Doctor Who after 4 years
Assange appeals extradition to UK's top court
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
"It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.
Scenario A assumes that the CO growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
Helicopter crashes near rail station in London
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
Suicide Bomber Kills 11 in Afghanistan
A girl is playing the piano.
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
A truck is going down a hill.
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
We are meant to move.
BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil
The dogs are running in the snow.
Ukraine opposition demands Yanukovich resign
KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon
The two men did a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
When is Prince George's christening? Baptism plan, royal baby's godparents and all the details
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
lets assume we have % white and % black.
If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.
Iran's president condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria
We all believe that we are getting what we expect.
Bin Laden's continuing sway shown in Kenya mall attack
A woman is frying shrimp.
A man is holding huge sunflowers.
Saudi airstrikes in Yemen's capital kill 29
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.
Children jumping on a trampoline.
Greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial
Mauritanian president shot by army unit
A kitten is drinking milk.
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
Britain Sees Evidence Assad Could Use Chemical Weapons
Palestinian Shot by Israeli Police in East Jerusalem Dies
Syria tells Russia some troops have pulled out of Homs
Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"
Best way to get money out is to get rid of lobby, all of it.
Romney wins big in Puerto Rico primary
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
A man is playing two keyboards.
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
Iran, world powers pledge new nuclear talks
'Bookkeeper of Auschwitz' Sentenced to Four Years in Prison
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
François Hollande threatens legal action over affair claims
Plane in mid-flight at sunset.
China ‚Äėwill protect interests‚Äô of foreign business
A white animal running through snow covered woods.
Italy to swear in new coalition government
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
Militants stage Pakistan jailbreak
The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
Two men are fighting using a form of martial arts.
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
Macau gambling revenue hits record US$38b in 2012
A man and a woman are kissing.
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
UK Airline Cancels 'Flytilla' Tickets on Israel Objections
Lesser of two evils triumphs in Super Bowl
p5+1 members are britain, china, france, russia, germany and the united states.
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The little girl rode a horse.
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.
20 killed, 44 injured in Philippine road accident
Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
'Grenade attack' kills one and injures at least 11
More French soldiers to Central African Republic
X'mas cruise passengers hit by Norovirus
Driver backs into mom, stroller with child then drives off
A black dog is running in the grass.
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.
China stocks close lower on Thursday
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
A cat is playing a key board.
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
End 'near' for Syria's chemical weapons
the south african government maintains very good relations with the united states government. 
Pro-Russians forces enter Ukrainian naval base in Crimea
The woman is pencilling on eye shadow.
The boy is playing in the sand.
A BMX biker rides along the top of a fence.
Shanghai Free Trade Zone begins operation
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
Protest against US drone strikes in Pak postponed
Two explosions at Boston Marathon finish line
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
The man cut a paper plate.
Twelve killed as gunmen raid village
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
Britain included the accusation in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in Iraq.
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
Someone is holding and petting a baby tiger.
Holy poo poo, this show.
UN chief welcomes peaceful presidential elections in Guinea
government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective. 
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
A man is slicing a tomato.
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
A woman is breading some meat.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
NATO traces path out of Afghanistan
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
Clinton lands in India to breathe life into ties
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
FACTBOX-Security developments in Iraq, February 1
Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
Israeli air strikes kill 16 in Gaza
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev charged in Boston Marathon bombing
Girl accused of burning Koran bailed
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
"What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do."
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
"Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision," Sundwall said.
Obama set to speak on Syria from White House at 1:15 p.m. EDT
Islamist parties in Egypt unite for elections
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society. 
Queen Elizabeth II visits barracks of UK soldier slain last week
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
Two baby pandas are playing.
Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
Five dead as Indonesia train collides with fuel truck
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights they are crack ups.
A woman is breaking a head of garlic into cloves.
Breivik drops far-right salute in court
The crouching man is holding a large camera.
"I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic," Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
Taliban prison break: 250 militants escape after attack on Pakistan jail
If you answer yes to  and no to  you are probably straight.
no missile witnesses.
Asteroid zips between Earth and satellites
A rooster pecks at a dead mouse.
Kerry call on Congress to end shutdown
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
Two cartoon rabbits are kissing.
It means its AN option.
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
"I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat."
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
Obama Praises Mandela 'Inspiration'
Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan
The woman droppped eggplant into the pan.
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
Romney takes lead over Obama with convention "bounce": Reuters/Ipsos poll
Obama, Romney prepare to debate
New World Trade Center declared tallest building in U.S.
A man is slicing a potato into pieces.
claims about trayvon's character And when did I do that?
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society.
Virginia's ex-Gov. Bob McDonnell, wife charged with corruption
A woman is cutting a plastic sheet.
Israel among top arms exporters in world: report
Today in History, April 23
Macau Gambling Revenue Hits Record $38 bn in 2012
North Korea's Kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle
Two white dogs walking in the snow.
NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan
World stocks fall before Greek debt deal deadline
Syrian opposition in reconciliation talks
Narendra Modi 'photoshopped' image of Chennai floods visit goes viral
Details of Aung San Suu Kyi's visit to Ireland
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
A baby is playing with a dog.
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
A person is writing.
U.S. relaxes deportation rules for young people: Napolitano
Photos show N. Korea nuclear readiness
US Government Shutdown: Obama tells Republicans to lift threat to US economy if they want talks
Russia says ballistic missiles fired in Mediterranean
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
2 car bombs kill 8 in southern Iraq
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."
I'm "a bunch of cells."
Indian stocks close lower
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
A man is cutting up carrots.
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004.
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
I think we all agree on the nature of the change.
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia.
these human rights violations include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child
A woman is frying fish.
A man is dicing an onion.
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
government spokesman maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the government of south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country. 
Italy soldiers die in Afghanistan
A tan puppy being held and petted.
A young woman is playing the flute.
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
Nigeria: Nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners
Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?
Attorney General Eric Holder to Resign
A woman is squeezing some cucumber slices.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
A woman is slicing some onions.
A woman is putting meat in a pan.
national, regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons. 
Abduction teacher to be sentenced
Weak earnings drag US stocks lower in early trade
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
Iran reiterates support for Iraq, Syria
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.
Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'
Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.
the western governments include the united states and france.
Elementary Commodity-Capital Value-Form .
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
Pena Nieto wins Mexico presidential vote: exit polls
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
Bangladesh: Crackdown Escalates Ahead of Election
Romney eyes US Republican primary endgame
US releases initial report on fracking impacts on water
Romney Promises to 'Restore America'
Hezbollah calls for more anti-Islam film protests
South Africa's Nelson Mandela Hospitalized
Shots fired at German ambassador's residence in Athens
"This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically," said board member Steven Wallace.
The polar bear is sliding on the snow.
US: Russia Massing Troops on Ukraine Border
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
Lakers Fire Coach Mike Brown After 1-4 Start
Judge enters not guilty plea for James Holmes
Israeli security forces arrest 8 Palestinians in overnight West Bank sweeps
New York Stock Exchange to reopen Wednesday
A man is mowing grass.
IAEA, Iran to hold first nuclear talks since Rohani election
A man is slicing a white onion with a mandolin slicer.
The girl is riding the horse.
SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
I hope everything is ok!
Death toll in Kenya bus attack rises to six
The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented.
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
Islamic State posts second propaganda video of UK hostage
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
Warship sets sail for Falklands
Court orders political ban on Italy‚Äôs Berlusconi
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
Jersey Murder Trial: Killer 'Hearing Voices'
State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.
Somalia lawmakers to vote for new president
A man is peeling an onion.
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai
A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo in her arms.
Greece bond exchange the largest debt restructuring in history
The seagull is floating on the water.
a key european arms control treaty must be maintained. 
A woman is peeling shrimp.
EU imposes new sanctions on Syrian regime
A man is eating wood.
Top Asian News at 2:30 p.m. GMT
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors
Zebras are socializing.
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.
Flooding Forces 75,000 From Canada Homes
Beijing's Aircraft Carrier Returns from South China Sea
"Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers," writes Barrenas.
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.
They produce nothing I can eat, wear, live in.
Two killed, 19 injured in Toronto shooting
Miliband pledges to strengthen minimum wage
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?
Stocks edge lower following retail earnings
Germany ready to help Syria chemical mission
elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons. 
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
A man cut a tree with an axe.
Shelley's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far.
Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25 percent
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.
Poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash
Soccer-France to host Australia for first time in October
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
Three killed in horror crash are named
Investigators seek answers to Whitney Houston's death
Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
India govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night
Two killed in Arizona skydiving accident
Evolution is not an opinion, not a belief.
is even worse than talking about it and not doing anything.
Taliban kill 15 police in west Afghanistan
A woman is frying a food.
A man is playing a violin.
Two cows graze in a field.
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?
Indonesian president to visit Australia
Daily Press Briefing: South Sudan
A person is drawing.
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
A white dog runs on the sand.
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
South African icon Nelson Mandela hospitalized
A man is applying butter to bread.
The tan dog runs through the leaves.
Earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island
US lawmakers take next step on new Iran sanctions
Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
I don't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited.
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
North Korea Shuts Last Remaining Hotline to South
Iconic science fiction writer Ray Bradbury dies at 91
Blitzbokke ousted by Fiji
china is a permanent member of the un security
USDA Confirms Case of Mad Cow Disease in California
The two boys play in the field.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
The little girl is putting her hair into a pony tail.
US bans carry-on liquids on direct flights to Russia
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
A dog is running through the ocean.
How does world's cheapest car do in crash test?
A man is opening a package containing headphones.
lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal.
A man is selling items.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
LOL Don't you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the US?
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
The dog is playing with the floor cleaner.
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
Urgent: Death toll from NE China fire rises to 112
MH17 dead flown back to Netherlands
A woman is exercising her abs.
Syria demands guarantees, rebels say peace plan doomed
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
Briton jailed for 10 years for selling fake bomb detectors
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez dies of cancer at 58
A woman places two eggs into a pot of water.
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty. 
four people sitting at a table.
By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
Protests at Pussy Riot verdict
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
Pakistan executions draw international ire
David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
I don't know how legitimate this is, but I heard he's kind of suicidal.
Sensex down 193 points on budget blues
Sienna Miller testifies at UK phone hacking trial
If so, alot of inventors, writers should take prescription drugs..
durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment.
two found dead in swimming pool at essex hotel
A yellow boat on shore.
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
Former Reagan spokesman Larry Speakes dies at 74
McAfee to acquire firewall Stonesoft for $389 million
U.S. expels Venezuelan diplomats
Philippe becomes king of Belgium
A woman is slicing an onion with a knife.
Spain asks for bank rescue
White diamond fetches record $34m at HK auction
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
China state news agency: There's still hope for Syria peace
Israel planes strike inside Syria
some of the accused will also be charged with money laundering, tax evasion and corruption.
A man is running on rope.
Thai opposition party to boycott general election
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
Pakistan demolishes Osama bin Laden hideout
Nigeria admits slow response in Ebola case
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
The dog is running with food in his mouth.
Police: Utah soccer referee punched by player dies
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with "ELF" and other slogans, and another was set ablaze in front of a house, Sgt. Tom Wright said.
A woman is chopping garlic.
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
Passengers dead in Italy bus plunge
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 52 die in Pakistan, Afghanistan
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
Police question man in deadly LA boardwalk crash
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
The monkey scratched his tummy.
Singapore shares open 0.31% higher on Monday
The boy cut the grass by the curb with scissors.
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
Three dogs race in the snow together.
kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc.
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
Two people sitting on a dock.
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
Many killed in Syrian air strike
A person is slicing a bread pieces.
Red panda‚Äôs short-lived zoo escape
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
Michael Schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
South Africa police shot dead 30 miners
The Hindus would say the same thing about the Bhagavad Ghita.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
A monkey pushes another monkey.
9,000 U.S. Marines to move out of Okinawa: statement
My kids busted in and said 'whats that Dad?'
Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
Two men are playing ping pong.
A man spreads butter on a big piece of bread.
Relief in Boston as second suspect captured
U.S factory orders down 0.7 pct in January
7 dead in Christian school shooting
A man in a hat sings a song.
Two dogs play in the grass.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," Mrs Clinton writes.
don't want a president that is compassionate.
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
Two women sheering a sheep.
Israel faces European backlash over settlement plan
It's amusing to think it even might be true.
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
Being in a gang isnt a crime.
At least 100 dead as typhoon batters Philippines
Typhoon death toll rises to 3633
Rebels kill 21 civilians in Syria Alawite village
A man is eating bread.
A man is walking in the rain.
It's not the same thing.
A boy is playing piano and singing.
Obama, Romney compete for undecideds, stoke base
Dozens feared trapped in India building collapse
BlackBerry loses $965M in 2nd quarter
Attack on Nato base in Afghanistan kills 15
Son of US evangelist kills himself The son of popular US evangelist Rick Warren has killed himself.
A lion is walking in an enclosed area.
17:02 23 killed in Iraq car bombings
Lower than  per cent but not very low.
Venezuela lawmakers brawl over election
A man is punching through boards.
Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
US to destroy Syria chemical weapon stockpile at sea
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
A man cuts a potato.
variants of the advanced light helicopter (alh) contain rocket launchers from belgium; rockets, guns and engines from france; brake systems from italy; fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain; self-protection equipment from a swedish company and have received crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from german companies. 
Please, what about them are not true.
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
15 killed in crash in India
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital
Cryptic crossword - Saturday 27th April
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
south korea has had a bullet train system since the 1980s.
dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public.
A person above their surfboard on the water.
The girl is on a swing.
According to the girlfriend and Zimmerman, he did.
A big turtle is walking.
'Whitey' Bulger given two consecutive life terms
US, UK in pact to release emergency oil stocks
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
Libya closes borders, declares martial law in south
do quy doan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information. 
William Hague: US decision to halt missile test 'sensible'
"I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately," he said.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
That is not direct responsibilty to the constituents.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
Soldier killed in Afghanistan blast
In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
A small bird on a tiny branch.
Not so Super Tuesday for Mitt Romney
Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting
those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
the conventional forces in europe treaty was amended in 1999.
WikiLeaks begins publishing two million Syria emails
the u.s., other western nations and nato condemned the violence. 
"People are obviously inconvenienced," said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Egyptians go to polls in historic election
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
Two girls jump out of swings.
Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building
This is why I support the death penalty.
Missing Malaysia Airlines plane 'crashes off Vietnam'
Obama vows to save Iraqis stranded on mountain
Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall, Flown to Hospital
Yes, it's legal to grow.
The animal is hopping.
Two Earthquakes Hit Northwest China, 11 Dead
australian television reporter peter lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in singapore. 
Reopen Madeleine case, police urge
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
North Korea to put US citizen on trial
Profiles of Egypt's main presidential candidates
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
U.S. resumes search for missing British sailors after public
Colorado shooting suspect was under psychiatrist's care
A dog is playing in the snow.
British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan
No problem if Mulayam forms Third Front: Congress
Man 'who set himself ablaze' on National Mall dies
U.S. and Russia reach a deal on Syria's chemical weapons
The three children are standing on and by a fence.
"We have found the smoking gun," said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
"I really liked him and I still do," Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
Miss New York is crowned Miss America
Israel says it carried out joint missile test with US in Mediterranean
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
Germany warns Greece: No more money without reforms
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.
What if they had a personal bias?
Swiss cast ballots on world's highest minimum wage
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
A large boat on the sea.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
I then asked: What are they trying to hide?
China flu death toll rises to six
Ebola UK: NHS staff 'panicked' after suspected Ebola cases
The sheep is standing under the trees.
What the Papers Say, Mar. 12, 2013
KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
Yemen suicide attack kills 7 soldiers: officials
mexico wishes to avoid more violence.
A man is talking into a microphone.
The woman is smoking.
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia. 
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
Thai protesters break into army headquarters
Putin Declares Victory In Russian Presidential Vote
Belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation
A dog splashes in the murky water.
the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
A man is running on the road.
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling.
God bless I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.
Regulation get the government into everything.
As far as legality goes I can use jury nullification.
Boeing stock tumbles after fire on 787 Dreamliner
Three killed in Nigeria suicide bombers attack
US soldier accused of Afghan massacre hires prominent criminal lawyer
Gunmen abduct seven foreign workers in Nigeria
A clown is singing.
Benzema faces possible charges in sex-tape case
A man is eating a banana by a tree.
6.1-magnitude quake hits Papua, Indonesia -- USGS
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
The man is slicing a fish open.
A man runs with a truck.
US drone in Pakistan kills 10 suspected militants
A 32-count indictment "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
China army newspaper hits out at US's PRISM programme
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
a number of suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore, and officials stated the militants' network extends into indonesia. 
Stocks rise on hopes for a Fed stimulus
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train
A child with his hands on his head.
Nazi Gestapo chief 'buried in Jewish cemetery'
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
How about some testimonies from real health experts?
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.
Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants with al-Qaeda links
How do you know which story is the right one?
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.
You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.
US: Assad used chemical weapons on Syria rebels
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.
withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders. 
Glasgow helicopter death toll rises to nine
Thai protesters block polling stations in Bangkok
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
Kangaroo eating.
Thirty Dead In Italian Bus Plunge
Suspected Saudi militant dies in Lebanese custody
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
G20 Summit ends divided over Syria
bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group.
"[They] were defined by dedication and courage," said the CIA's director George Tenet.
Bahrain court upholds sentences against uprising leaders
Statement by the spokesperson of the EU High Representative, Catherine Ashton, on the resumption of executions in Iraq
5 killed in Israeli air strikes in Gaza
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
EU puts Hezbollah military wing on terror list
the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts. 
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
Three feared dead after helicopter pub crash
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
the iranian government has dismissed the allegations in the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence used to support the allegations as fake. 
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
British PM pushes Sri Lanka on war crimes
Deadline passes with no new Iran sanctions
White House backs gay marriage
Facebook to test mobile payments service
"But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
Two women shopping at a clothing store.
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
Israel agrees to free 104 Palestinian prisoners
The men are playing soccer.
Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction.
Senate Judiciary Committee nearing final big decisions in shaping immigration bill
A duck floating in the water.
A man is holding a slow loris.
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, dies at 63
Specifically Gnostic.
Death toll in Nairobi attack rises to 59
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
South Korean Workers Start Leaving Joint Factory Zone
General strike ends: Histadrut, Treasury reach agreement
"I think it should have been released years ago," said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
60 killed in Nigeria cattle market attack
Questions arise over chemical weapons claims in Syria
Mubarak faces verdict in murder trial
Trade: Pakistan, India agree to take it a step ahead
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.
Tennis: Nadal defeats Djokovic for Monte Carlo title
Extremists claim responsibility for Niger attacks
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
Some people have complete confidence in the people running these institutions.
A close-up of a yellow school bus.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
Would he be better for American society?
A cat is rubbing against baby's face.
World Cup hit by new stadium death
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
A dog walks through the snow.
Australia cuts rates to record low
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.
Indian troops raid Pakistani military post
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
NZ to increase exports to China
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.
A man is adding oil to car.
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
The onus is on the manufacturer of a product to convince consumers it is safe.
One World Trade Center Named Tallest US Building
Pro-Pak Taliban warlord killed in US drone strike
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 30
A person is driving a motorcycle on a road.
Google names new Motorola Mobility CEO
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
A man swims underwater.
And until they decide that, "the statute is presumed constitutional."
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
White House in damage control over Obama Supreme Court remarks
Closer Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three of the four batters he faced in the ninth.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
illegal arms trafficking has increased in kenya and raised concern about security.
A person is surfing.
At least 80 dead in northwest Iran quakes
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
Security official killed in Yemen
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.
Miami Heat wins NBA Finals
Egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army
Hong Kong stocks close down 0.28%
A little boy is playing a guitar.
A toy train is striking a toy car.
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
The man took off his sunglasses while talking.
Closed roads in Armenia
the drug is also known as ice or shabu. 
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
Business news and markets: as it happened, June 20, 2013
A man is jumping a wall.
A female applies something to he hair with her hands.
India Ink: Image of the Day: March 20
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms (24 pounds) of heroin.
Two cats are fighting each other.
Tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct
Ukraine signs EU trade pact as Russia finalizes Crimea annexation
A man is slicing a potato.
the iaea report is restricted.
The man is shooting a gun.
Egypt's Brotherhood stands ground after killings
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking.
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog. 
What time is the Paralympic Opening Ceremony? Everything you need to know about the big curtain-raiser
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.
during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded.
A man is giving an interview.
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
Two French journalists killed in Mali
if japan rises to the occasion japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power. 
Ten Chinese vessels on standby for jet search
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
Gazans fire 89 rockets; cabinet approves reserve call-up
US warns Syria on chemical weapons
Bomb blast rocks shopping mall in Nigeria, 12 killed
In Pakistan, army adamant on fighting the other Taliban
James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
A woman is painting the face of a man.
The baby crawled through the doorway.
Butter is melting in a pan.
"It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist," the source said.
methamphetamine is also known as ice.
The women are feeding the animal.
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
France urges EU to be united on Syria
Syrian army retakes historic Crusader castle
Mel Smith dead at 60 and UK mourns a comedy favourite
German parliament endorses Greek bailout
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.
No. Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.
A person is slicing onions.
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
British Red Cross doctor kidnapped in Pakistan found beheaded
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
no other drug has become as integral in decades. 
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
Turkey 'exploits' Syrian refugees
The man is playing the piano.
Two birds interacting in the grass
A man is stabbing a target.
Thai protests escalate amid violence
How much is spent on abortions services?
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
Israel frees second group of Palestinian prisoners
Malala leaves British hospital
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
Stock index futures point to lower start
Former first lady Barbara Bush leaves hospital
Murray wins Wimbledon title ends Britains 77year agony
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
The woman is rolling dough.
A hare is running from a eagle.
Tokyo stocks open down 0.24%
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
Chicago teachers strike: Vacations for students, for good or ill
Suicide Bomber Kills 14 at Afghan Province Council
blix was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction.
Syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in Aleppo
Small boat going down a creek.
Burundi police fire tear gas at protesters
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
Missing plane search turns to Vietnamese islands
Russian coal mines seek new outlets in China
A woman is cutting an apple.
Two dogs playing by the shore.
Charlie Rangel Censured Did anyone see the footage of this?
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
Son of top Muslim Brotherhood leader killed
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
the agreements were signed during iranian majlis (parliament) speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel's visit to cuba.
Kerry vows progress after latest intensive Mideast trip
On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
Islam has always been political.
French forces take key Mali town
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking. 
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Air Force Instructor Faces Sentencing for Rape
Egypt's military takes control over Muslim Brotherhood, supporters
Crimean Parliament Votes to Join Russia
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
Tens of Thousands of Ukrainians Protest in Kyiv
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
I've never accused him of doctoring a baseball.
Factories that ran on Korean cooperation go silent
Man rowing a boat.
Boston bombing suspect to appear in court
President Obama reveals plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2016
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
Qatar's emir hands power to his son
Who was 'Jihadi John?'
Kenyan police arrest key Al-Shabaab recruiter, financier
A woman is sewing on a machine.
Prime Minister to seek nuclear deal, investments during Japan visit
alto huallaga is located northeast of the capital lima. 
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it," she said.
India, US to hold talks on China next week
At least 18 killed in Afghan bomb attacks: officials
Gunman who held suburban Atlanta firefighters hostage now dead, police say
Singapore shares open 0.06% lower on Tuesday
My niece is married to a black man.
Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Obama: Patriot missile batteries, troops to stay in Jordan near Syrian border
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
Umm the California was a cargo ship I dont care what the article says.
Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death
We in Britain think differently to Americans.
A man is playing his guitar.
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: US Geological Survey
A cat is licking a small bottle.
Two women are dancing.
What conviction would that be?
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
Spate of Iraq attacks kill at least six
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
A cruise ship docked at shore.
35 militants killed in Afghan raids: official
Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business.
Rupert Murdoch: I was the victim of a cover up
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
Trailblazing Israeli electric car company to fold
The tan and white dog is running in the field.
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space. 
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."
Pakistan Dismisses Case against FBI Agent
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
A woman is deboning a fish.
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe. 
A baby is laughing.
Declines in US stock market moderate
Florida counties extend early voting
A shirtless man catches a football
U.S. Drone Kills Five Militants in Pakistan
A man is slicing a cucumber.
British gold rush silences gripes over cost
French gunman wants to 'die with weapons in hands'
Tokyo shares open higher on buoyant U.S. market
A man is paddling a canoe.
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
A boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
7 states sue over Obama administration's birth control rule
Myanmar: Opposition claims Suu Kyi win
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
the problem is who doesn't have money.
Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
S. Sudan accuses Sudan of bombing in blow to talks
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
The manufacturer has to convince the government it's safe.
the south african government imposed a ban that prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance. 
Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
Israeli, Palestinian negotiators meet in Jordan
A woman slices a fish.
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
A man is carrying another man.
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
Snowden's father arrives in Moscow
Rouhani leads in initial Iran count
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
Spain princess testifies in historic fraud probe
Afghan president extends visit to Pakistan for Taliban talks
Pro-choice people do not try to force an abortion on anyone.
"This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.
A man is riding a horse in an arena.
God definately does not exist.
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
A man is tying his shoe.
Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery
The couple danced in the church.
Mali's Tuareg rebels declare independence
Afghan suicide car bomb kills at least seven: officials
A boy is screaming.
A dog is eating some water melon.
Justice Adly Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president
Thousands gather in Moscow for rival rallies
Trailblazing Israeli electric car company Better Place to fold
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
Tottenham v Manchester City ‚Äď live! 
the book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image. 
A man is moving a tree limb.
Deaf NY Starbucks patrons sue, say they're mocked
Russian parliament to consider ban on U.S. adoptions
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
Egypt court sentences 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - sources
12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen.
lavrov has told us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remains open to dialogue. 
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
Mall attackers used 'less is more' strategy
A man is striking clay pots.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
Chairman of easyJet to step down
the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking.
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
morals do not exist, so technically nothing can be morally wrong.
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
A dog is biting a mop.
They're looking at each other!
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
A man makes a call on a cell phone.
A man is spreading out dough.
A soccer player is kicking the soccer ball into the goal from a long way down the field.
What we know so far about chemical weapons in Syria's civil war
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Nigeria plane crash: No survivors
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate
Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
I wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question.
the international atomic energy agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal. 
Trains inside an indoor station.
A domestic animal stands in a pen.
A black poodle plays in the snow.
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
my final word: ignoring has the effect of normalizing.
Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes
Karzai to visit Pakistan for Taliban peace talks
A plane being readied for take-off.
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
Suicide attack kills at least 12 in northern Iraq
A boy rode his bike on top of a metal fence.
experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.
A black and white photo of a bicycle.
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop.
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
One week later: Boston honors bombing victims; suspect unable to speak
Two dead, nine hurt in French building collapse
-Not- talking about it 'and' -Not- doing anything.
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
A badger is digging in the dirt.
Spaniard on trial for Cuban dissident’s death
Someone is playing paino.
Iranian minister blames West for failed nuke talks
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
Russia jails Pussy Riot protest punks for two years
The man drove his little red car around the traffic.
Three dead, 63 hurt as New York buildings collapse
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
The lady sliced a tomatoe.
A woman is boiling noodles in water.
A dog in in a car.
A person pours oil on a skillet.
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia
Several dead, 550 injured in Argentina train crash
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
Two birds flying towards water feeder.
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
James Murdoch quits role at BSkyB
Hundreds fall sick in Bangladesh factory
PSNI failed RUC officers, tribunal told
You want others to decide over a woman body.
Second day of Egyptian presidential election
Japan Airlines orders 31 Airbus A350s valued at $9.5 bn
A small white cat sitting in a sink.
A man is showing his dog to the camera.
the problem isn't who has money.
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in vietnam came mostly from laos, cambodia, australia, china, the united states and taiwan. 
A woman thinly slices an onion with a large knife.
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
Russia delivers humanitarian aid to Syrian refugees in Lebanon
Pro-life also refers to just "opposition to abortion".
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
A large green ball hits a potato.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
A sea turtle is hunting for fish.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
Miami Heat clinches NBA Championship
NATO leader plays down risk of Turkey-Syria clash
the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful.
US says Syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
Putin claims victory in presidential vote
Thai opposition announces election boycott
Sony Xperia Z2 and Nokia‚Äôs X series unveiled
Thousands of white-clad Amsterdammers march for MH17
The mosquitoes posts.
Yes, I've assumed that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument.
A man is looking out of a window.
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from parliament
A group of people get off a train.
the iaea has been investigating iran's nuclear activities for 4 years.
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
Obama mulls limited military action in Syria
A plane is taking off.
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
A rabbit is sniffing and pawing a stuffed rabbit.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
Bank of England's Paul Tucker tainted by Libor mess
A man is playing a piano.
A look at major terror attacks in East Africa
12 bodies found at Russian jet crash in Indonesia
Thousands rally to support embattled Tunisia government
A dog leaps over the hurdle.
Where in the world is Ron Paul?
Mandela spends third day in hospital
A boy waves around a sparkler.
Stocks slump on Wall Street
A skateboarder does tricks on a half-pipe.
you don't use the search button AT ALL, do you?
India anti-graft party takes charge in New Delhi
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
Snowden Hits Hurdles in Search for Asylum
His position is that it is the individual's risk to assume.
one indian government official who studied the blueprints stated the science was old and dated but still functional.
Someone is seasoning two raw eggs in a bowl.
Remains in Winchester could be King Alfred the Great
A man is holding up and talking about a gray You Tube T-shirt.
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
A shirtless man is sitting on a chair.
A person is doing pencil tricks with his hand.
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
A cheetah is running across a field.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.
2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq
A kid is playing guitar.
DC votes to decriminalize pot
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by china and operational since 1999.
A man riding a white horse.
Couple get married in Britain's first Scientology wedding
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program. 
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
Pentagon adjusts plans for more intense attacks on Syria
Fire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
World powers seek rare progress in Iran nuclear talks
Sudan frees Christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy
Super typhoon Haiyan closes in on the Philippines
US Senate has Rare Sunday Session Days Amid Fiscal Impasse
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
A man is taking pictures of a lake.
Man finds car on eBay 42 years after it was stolen
Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
British Archbishop of Canterbury changes career to Cambridge
Philippines holds second senator over corruption
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
Remarks With Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba
A lion is playing with two men.
A dog is running on the ground.
You need to reread what I wrote.
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
Originally Posted by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility.
A cat is spun around by a ceiling fan.
A brown dog digs in the sand.
chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue. 
A man dives off of a cliff.
A women slicing lemons.
A woman is pulling some kind of sticky goo out of a bowl.
Syria journalists rescue bid fails
Islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in Niger
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
David Beckham to retire at end of season
the bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of japan's government last week. 
You purport to value life very heavily.
A small white car parked at the gas station.
A person is cutting a potato.
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
kadhafi warns that us and britain's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming. 
unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.
Chinese News Agency Slams Delays in Search for Jet
Backstage Moves Intensify as Fight Against Islamic State Widens
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast
Europe shares bounce as more China stimulus seen
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
Why are Russians in Damascus?
New Jersey School Bans Hugging
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism. 
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
A woman mixes a beauty treatment in a glass.
A black pet dog runs around in the garden of a house.
Did the transaction take place?
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
A chef is cleaning up a bowl of soup.
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.
A woman places a container of noodles in a pan of water.
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
Weiner shrugs off latest online sex scandal
China mine accident kills 10
The man swept the empty living room.
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 3.00pm
A woman peels an apple.
4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan
U.S., EU welcome Iran's offer to restart nuclear talks
The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
The man is shooting an automatic rifle.
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
James Murdoch quits BSkyB
In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident
The men are playing cricket.
Saudi Urges U.N. Action against Israel Strikes on Syria
One woman hands volleyballs to another woman who serves them.
Third man arrested in Savile sex abuse probe
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
The man is seasoning the sausages.
A dog rides a skateboard.
a young girl wearing purple running through water
Red Sox Beat Tigers 5-2 to Advance to World Series
A man is talking with a woman.
Chinese president meets U.S. state secretary
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
Ten rescued off Waterford, Dublin coasts
Jesse Jackson Jr., Wife to Plead Guilty to Fraud
A ferret and kitten play together.
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud
5.9-magnitude quake hits Sunda Strait, Indonesia: USGS
Watch live: US Capitol on lockdown after reports of shots fired
Thousands flock to Amsterdam for Queen's Day
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
Zimmerman pulled over in Texas for speeding, given warning
A man is firing a shot gun.
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.
A cat looking at the camera.
I'm going to shout for justice for Trayvon.
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
A kitten eats some food.
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.
Foreign exchange rates in Singapore
And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him.
Use of force in defense of person.-A
Dozens dead in Taliban resort attack
Belgian Prime Minister sends condolences to victims
A side view of a horse's head.
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
A woman fires a shotgun.
A person is cleaning a disk.
A girl is putting gel in her hair.
He's not wealthy because he's successful.
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
khoramabad is a city in western iran.
fix?: Islam itself is not political.
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
Bangladesh Honors Factory Victims
A woman is making noodles.
A woman is cutting through an onion.
Dozens injured as Boeing 777 jet crash lands at San Francisco airport
A piece of paper is being cut.
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
An elderly man is getting into a red car.
Zen Report: Ain't easy being high maintenance
Indian minister killed in head-on collision
Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break
Iraqi Attacks Kill General, Four Police
"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court," Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
A women slicing green pepper.
Four young men stand still as a car explodes behind them.
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
Religion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.
Is that how it works?
A woman is swimming in the water.
A black dog is running through some water.
UN envoy in Turkey for talks on Syria
Zambia arrests ex-leader Banda over oil deal
officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic. 
A man is showing magic.
Algeria hostage crisis ends in bloodbath
American flag is waving.
A man and woman are walking arm in arm through a wooded area.
Military: Syria chemical stocks threaten Israel
A woman is cracking eggs.
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
A person is adding chili powder to chili with beans.
The man sang on stage into the microphone.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
Brazil leader promises reform vote
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
the state scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site.
Plane crash in Ghana kills at least 10
Pak missions in UAE gear up for elections
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
East Timor Bans Martial Arts Schools Amid Killings
"It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
Freddie Starr Arrested In Savile Abuse Probe
libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 
More rain hampers Indian flood rescue
Egyptian forces move to clear pro-Morsi protest camps
Saudi Women To Protest Against Driving Ban
Cyprus bailout remarks alarm markets
A woman is playing flute.
US stocks open higher despite GDP miss
The Nazis increases the longevity of a handgun permit from  to  years.
UN observers find traces of Syrian massacre
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
A man is slicing something.
An animal is walking on the ground.
One dead in Ohio school shooting
Nintendo trims red ink, lowers forecast for year
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
Dozens arrested in Russian TV tower protest
Angelina Jolie's aunt dies of breast cancer
A couple are walking.
Children play in a pool while adults look on.
Chicago teacher strike poses test for unions
Mumbai journalist gang-rape case: All five accused arrested
Messy computer desk with two monitors.
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking. 
China manufacturing expands in September
6 Killed by Hot Lava as Indonesia Volcano Erupts
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
No extortion, no bribery, no money involved Only class E felonies.
Three children are eating their food.
At least 63 dead in Pakistan factory blaze
Singapore stocks end up 0.26 percent
egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction. 
A baby panda relaxes on some logs.
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment.
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attended an summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il.
Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal
jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its
Panetta says Afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013
Progress reported in Palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks
For first time in history, Technion to teach engineering in Russia
Red Cross workers released in Ukraine
New Syria opposition chief wants no-strings aid
U.S. Military Deaths in Afghanistan
A woman is cutting big pepper.
Nearly nine million people in 'severe debt'
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election
A person is writing with a pencil.
The jury is not told about juror nullification.
A person is frying a meat in the pan.
Is Madeleine McCann Still Alive?
Well, whatever, you are now.
Some men are fighting.
"It's not zero," said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
A man is making a phone call.
Two women sitting on brown couch.
Spain jobless rate hits new high
Obama moves to fill Fed board, taps Fischer to be No. 2
Israel unveils plans for new settler homes
Police confirm how suspect was captured
People sitting on the porch.
A man puts seasoning in a bowl of water.
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990.
Janet Yellen to become first woman to lead the Federal Reserve
Japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
Government spying on its own citizens, that's fine.
Philippe ascends throne of divided Belgium
British Nobel-Winning Author Doris Lessing Dies
US to Determine Extent of Chemical Weapons Use by Syria
Free Syrian Army moves headquarters from Turkey to Syria
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
A car is taking reverse.
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
Egyptian death toll rises to 638
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
SUBJECTIVE DVORAK INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB INCREASED TO  KT.
A small black dog is in the grass.
US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan
"This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.
Saudi Arabia to grant Lebanese army $3 billion
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Israel agrees to 12 hour ceasefire
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
43 killed in bus crash
And I'm your friend Mitt.
Bangladesh garment factory fire 'kills 8'
Barrick in talks with China firm over African assets
Euro zone to Greece: No rescue without reforms
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue. 
A dog licks up a baby's drool.
World's oldest person dies in Japan at 116
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
Russian foreign minister to meet UN chief
A kitten is playing with a toy.
5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan
Bomb explodes at Greek shopping mall, two people injured
Two bays are dancing.
Assembly meets amid Chavez crisis
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
Algerian president in France for medical tests
The man is slicing the tape from the box.
UN: Iran Invited to Attend Syrian Peace Conference
Suspected US drone kills 3 militants in Pakistan
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
Major snowstorm barrels down on Central Plains
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
Two boys on a couch are playing video games.
Los Angeles airport worker charged with making 9/11 threats
UN Chief Finds His Voice, Remains Cautious on China
A woman is cleaning a shrimp.
CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED DURING THE NEXT  HOURS.
Doesnt mean its a BAD option.
A battle to retake north Mali: Hundreds of French troops drive back al-Qaida-linked rebels
"We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place," he said.
A man is eating a slice of pizza.
@Lustig Andrei, We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
A group of sheep are on a hill.
Prince's christening a blend of old and new
A woman dances while a man plays the keyboard.
Out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, wouldn't.
members of the proliferation security initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Vietnam detects signals from missing plane
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
A cat, perched on a table, looks out the window.
French election turnout higher than expected
Pope Francis Slips Out of Vatican for Prayers
Chris Froome rides to Tour de France endgame
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
A Guinea pig eats a carrot.
Suicide bombers attack US base in Afghanistan
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
A man breaks a bottle with a sword.
A man pops wheelies on a motorcycle.
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
dutch national research institute tno carried out chemical weapons experiments for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s. 
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
Israeli credibility on line over Iran nuclear challenge
Rocks, tear gas fly as Thai protests heat up
A man is playing a keyboard.
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
the report urged belgium to begin immediate talks with india in order to prevent future weapons sale to myanmar.
Thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in Moscow Metro
Police kill gunman, find 3 more dead in Colo. home
A dog running on the beach
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
SpaceX docks with International Space Station: Up next, public travel?
A black dog is running in snow.
Two girls talk on the phone.
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
A man is riding a mo-pad.
California wildfire grows but officials say fire crews making progress
The basketball player holds the ball.
Two arrests made after protest against Nigel Farage
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
A woman rapidly fires a handgun.
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
A cat addresses the camera.
Obama condemns killing of 3 Israeli teens
EU receives Nobel Peace Prize
Large green boat floating on water.l.
The man took a piece of pepperoni pizza out of the box.
The man tased the food.
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl.
At least 13 killed in triple car bombings in Iraq's Diyala
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
Jerry Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
Ukraine hosts ‚Äėunity talks‚Äô
Top Chinese political advisor meets Greek PM
South Korea reports seven new MERS cases
A man is meditating.
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
A man is getting inside a car.
US toll in Afghanistan hits 2,000
Politicians in flag violence talks
Now, militants battle Pakistani police
'Kony 2012' director hospitalized
Tokyo shares open higher following strong U.S. performance
Palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls
"What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough," Covello said.
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
Boy and girl running along the beach.
the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe.
Thai bonds best in region
@Lustig Andrei, Lustig, agreed.
"But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested," Mr Jordan said.
Strong earthquake in western China kills at least 75
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe.
Russia unveils $30 billion oil link to Pacific
Someone is frying meat.
Two dogs play with purple football.
A man is getting into a car in a garage.
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.
A man is levitating.
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
Tokyo stocks close up 0.13pc
Taiwan's president charters plane to pay respects to Lee
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
Egypt to hold more talks with IMF on loan next week
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
Tsunami warning: No need for SA to panic
Nazi chief buried in Jewish cemetary
Egypt's interim president swears in new Cabinet
China sends largest fleet yet to disputed islands
shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
10 Things to Know for Wednesday
A woman is shredding chicken.
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
A brown dog sits on the beach.
A chimpanzee is hurting a woman.
Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse
Iran 'thwarts nuclear sabotage attempts'
It's you who makes no sense.
Kids are dancing.
A panda bear is eating.
North Korea says detained American tourist to face trial
PM Narendra Modi speaks of non-discrimination and equality
the united states dismissed the action as nuclear blackmail. 
the cfe treaty was established in 1990.
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage
The woman picked up the kangaroo.
Man quizzed over Megan-Leigh murder
Pistorius officer dropped from case
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
A brown horse stands in tall grass.
Australian PM Rudd calls Sept. 7 poll
It doesn't say that it didn't participate.
Woman dies while riding roller coaster in Texas
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
About 60 Crushed to Death in Ivory Coast Stampede
The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
south korea launches new bullet train reaching 300 kph. 
If I'm hyper active, it will show up in one of those scans..
A cat is crawling upside down under the couch.
Snowden thanks Russia for asylum
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian borders if the need arises.
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
Snowden's hits hurdles in search for asylum
Free Syrian Army captures Syrian officers
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
Philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
Security personnel killed in Pakistan raid
Track fault disrupts train service between Raffles Place, Marina Bay
Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
US Troops Killed in Afghan Insider Attack
Israel vows to deny Hezbollah after air strike
A woman cuts a pink loaf with a knife.
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
A horse rider is riding a white horse.
A bird sits in a leafless tree.
A girl is dragged downhill by a dog.
A man is shown slicing a carrot with a knife.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
Ramblin' Rose by Nat King Cole We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Edwards Acquitted on 1 Count, Mistrial on Others
US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: USGS
Japan PM calls for quicker tsunami waste processing
19 killed in Tunis museum attack
HRW: Jordan biased against Palestinians from Syria
A person is putting salt and pepper on a piece of pork.
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years. 
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
The woman is putting makeup on the man.
Search leader urges caution in findings related to missing Malaysian jetliner
Hong Kong was flat, Australia , Singapore and South Korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent.
China trade returns to surplus in March
It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
An airplane facing the camera.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment. 
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
Death Toll in Bangladesh Collapse at 194
A woman is eating a cupcake.
Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000
A baseball player throws the ball.
Doha gas blast kills 12, injures dozens
A bear is fighting wolves.
John Boehner: from humble origin, fiscal cliff may be his undoing
Shots, Explosions Heard as Thais Continue Protest in Bangkok
A man is putting broccoli into water.
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
Palestinian President Receives Jordanian Foreign Minister
A man is cleaning a glass door.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
Israel and Hamas to observe brief Gaza truce
A man is swinging on a rope over water.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
alstom is competing against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract.
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
UN Security Council urges Yemen's Houthis to end...
Sierra Leone Reaches Final Day of Ebola Lockdown
The man played his guitar.
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
A baby plays with a dog and ball.
Two Australians killed in Kenya after bus crashed into river
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
the center will be operational in august 2008. 
ArQule, Daiichi stop lung cancer trial, shares tank
Pope’s butler arrested in scandal over Vatican leaks
Sudan accuses Israel of airstrike on arms factory
Just so long as the tax is paid.
A man is running on a field.
Alleged cop killer died from shot to head
A woman with a knife is slicing a pepper.
A brown dog is running though a river.
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week. 
indian and pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999. 
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
Series of attacks kill 10 police in Afghanistan
Bangladesh prison van ambushed
A dog walks on the beach.
French forces seize key town
Libya threatens army action against oil protesters
@Frank Apisa, What you want to call it is up to you.
UN Rights Chief Presses Egypt on Morsi Detention
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
Who Is Jihadi John?
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
Chuck I'd offer Iran a deal.
"Fairies don't exist" - fine.
A woman is riding on a horse.
Irreligion that does that I have a problem.
opium is the raw ingredient for heroin. 
5.6 magnitude earthquake shakes Iran
A man is dancing.
A flat screen TV on the floor.
Three dead in US marathon bomb
East German rights activist Gauck elected president
A man stares out a window.
myanmar has a military junta.
If a position is unverifiable; then it should be rejected.
India Braces for Massive Cyclone
Equatoguineans vote in legislative polls
A man is karate kicking at another man wearing protective boxing gloves.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
A new Cold War?
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
A sheep standing in a mountainous area.
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
A kangroo is eating something.
Er, that's not how dilution works.
Snowden asks to stay in Russia
Taliban commander killed in US drone strike
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
A woman is frying something.
shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 
I like watching kids play.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
Libyan government retakes Tripoli airport
How exactly are they being punished?
Brother of EastEnders actress Gemma McCluskie is charged with her murder
Ukraine Leader Pledges Crisis Talks
Obama, Romney Prepare for First Debate
Two killed in Bahrain car blast
North Korean leader sends 'special envoy' to China
A young girl holds up a peace sign.
Harry Kane leaves it late to rescue a point for Tottenham Hotspur
A man is riding a bicycle.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
Two boys are playing in the beach.
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
17 killed in US drone attack on Yemen wedding party
Knesset speaker: Obama reelection bad for Israel
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Suicide bomber attacks Algerian security base
Palestinian activist detained in Israeli raid
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
Toys R Us waives fee for layaway program
Guatemala overturns former dictator's genocide conviction
Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks
Russians in Damascus!
China's defence spending to rise 11.2%
Britain rejects Syria military action
A woman is pouring ingredients in a bowl.
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
A man in a tux on a white horse.
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
The bad thing is there's space.
But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi—despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says.
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
World News Update, what you need to know
Egypt votes on new constitution
Syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack
A big green ball knocks a potato over.
Tunisia opposition leader slain; protests erupt
7 killed in monster truck crash
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight," Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
Egypt votes in new constitution
BP sells Gulf of Mexico assets to Plains for $5.55 bn
100 pro-Palestinians seek to enter Israel at Allenby
Suicide bomber kills 14 at Russian train station
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
New coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- WHO
Someone is slicing fruit.
A man is taking some math classes.
God probably does not exist.
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
US Hands Over Bagram Prison to Afghan Authorities
In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
Indian stocks open lower
Two dogs run through the brush.
Probe alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
Mauritanian president shot at
Thai protesters call general strike
A boy spanks a man with a plastic sword.
Israel downs drone from Lebanon
People step off a train.
US, UK Set to Agree Emergency Oil Stocks Release
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
Rock bands' plane makes emergency landing in Ill.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
Two dogs play in the snow.
Nelson Mandela's real hero was not Gandhi, but Nehru
The man sprinkled cheese on the pizza.
Senate leaders appear close to US debt ceiling deal
Israel agrees to 24-hour Gaza truce
Suicide bombing rocks elite Yemen military camp
A kid runs away from a fish swinging around on a fishing pole.
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
a white dog running in the snow
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region
Again I think you are missing the point on the Twain quote.
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
A dog runs across the grassy field.
A herd of deer are crossing the street.
The white dog runs across the snow.
A woman is taking a shower.
Being drunk is unacceptable.
Particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right.
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies at 63
"Satyrs don't exist" - fine.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
Magnitude-6.0 quake jolts Santa Cruz Islands: CENC
abuja is the capital of 
north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan. 
15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
Raccoons are eating.
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.
The bird is sitting on the branch.
The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
the part of the purpose of the united states plan is to increase pressure on north korea. 
Quake of 6.2 magnitude strikes off Indonesia's Sumatra - USGS
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
2 rockets hit in the Eshkol region; no injuries
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
Protests planned across Brazil despite concessions
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
Armenia's parliamentary vote a test for president
Dalmation running along the beach.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
Ten killed in Russia coal mine blast
Ferrets climb down from a shelf.
Syria opposition agrees to talks
A person on a snowmobile.
Israeli forces arrest 6 Palestinians in overnight West Bank raids
US drone strike kills seven in North Waziristan
NATO helicopter makes hard landing in E. Afghanistan
GL, Terral Hi Corn: So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggling transitional government in stabilizing somalia, particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian forces.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.
Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to 2014 World Cup finals
in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan's nascent nuclear program. 
Ukrainian President orders 7-day ceasefire in the east
Thai protesters launch Bangkok 'shutdown'
Miss New York wins Miss America crown
A woman is grilling pineapples.
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe. 
Afghans flock to colleges, even as Taliban loom
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
Bomb explodes at Athens shopping mall, 2 wounded
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair
Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
Israel criticizes Palestinian stance on settlers
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
Seven Filipinos slain in Yemen attack
the treat was originally signed in 1990.
Horse standing in a field.
Two horses standing in a pen.
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
Palestinian president wants Israelis to talk peace
Two zebras are playing.
personally i would read the bible to learn about christianity.
Obama calls for international front against IS
A woman is picking tomatoes.
Turkish army stages tank exercises near Syria border
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
A masked man sings.
A man is swinging on a rope.
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
Suicide bomber kills guard at US embassy in Turkey
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
Mandela hospitalised after he stops talking
The primary focus of Systematic Dialectics is syn chronic, not dia chronic.
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Nadal tumbles into French Open final
A person is playing the piano.
At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq
105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.
How would the extra premiums be collected?
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
More factchecking: I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.
A WAR in the middle east.
Barclays hit by fresh US probe
Furthermore I found this: So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
Israeli forces detain 5 Palestinians in West Bank
Singapore stocks close 0.31 pct lower
A girl is styling her hair.
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
North Korea: experts call for dialogue ‚Äď and say China must play a part
South Africa prays for Nelson Mandela
A girl is playing a flute.
Obama Urges Restraint from Israelis, Palestinians
Two Eagles perched on a branch.
Egyptians to vote for new president
FCC chief Michael Powell presides over hearing Monday.
A woman is washing a freezer.
Up to 21, mostly foreigners, killed in Kabul suicide attack
25 injured in anti-Islam film protest in Islamabad, Pakistan
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
indian and pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in may 1998.
Strong quake hits eastern Indonesia
Obama's day: Prime time on Syria
Israel doesn't give a ****, accept it.
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A woman is feeding a man.
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
Honduras ambassador resigns after alleged embassy orgy
Israeli, Palestinian negotiators quietly meet
Oscar Pistorius sentenced to 5 years in prison
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
"What can I say to you?" he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
Remains of 167 bodies found in Mexican cave
Heavy Fighting Reported in Syria's Aleppo
Spain turning back the clock on siestas
Syria envoy calls for National Unity Government
City Room: Empire State Building Shooting
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
Glasgow Helicopter Crash: At Least Six Dead
tin foil hat for the dog face, what size do u wear?
Veterans health probe confirms cover-up of care delays
Amazon's Bezos to buy the Washington Post for $250 million
Inflation falls to 15-month low: what the analysts say
A man riding a horse in slow motion.
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
India gang-rape victim "struggling against the odds"
A man is walking on a rope.
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Women models are walking down a catwalk.
Sail boat sailing on the water.
Originally Posted by zaf I give up.
Someone is pouring oil into a skillet.
7 Things to Know About Ethanol
A man pours liquid into a pan.
British stuntman fell to his death in wing suit mishap
A girl is flying a kite.
The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
The girl flew her kite while she ran up a hill.
Outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old Indian girl raped at school
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
Sachin Tendulkar is sworn in as Indian senator
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
Men and women are dancing slowly.
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
ISAF soldier killed in Afghan 'insider attack'
Relatives scuffle with police after China fire kills 120
Bangladesh garment factory collapse kills 149
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.
Teenage Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in China
The dog is running on grass.
A man is taking a picture.
PURE COMMUNISM: You have two cows.
S Korea MPs to visit Kaesong complex
Your confusion doesn't make me a liar.
the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences.
A man and woman are walking through the jungle.
Sylvester Stallone's son found dead in Hollywood
G7 'to intensify Russia sanctions'
2 of the zambians arrested are juveniles.
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
Body of missing South Korean shipping tycoon found in field
In 1999, two years before his death, Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years.
Death toll rises in Russia plane crash
20-member parliamentary, trade team leaves for India
Destruction of Syria's chemical weapons begins
Two men wearing bike helmets.
russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern 
"I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money," Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
Obama to sign up for Obamacare
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
A woman is slicing butter.
A black horse is running around.
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
Will Putin's Election Victory in Russia Be Greeted with Protests?
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.
Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49
Two cats are looking at a window.
'9 Dead' in New Darfur Tribal Clash
Explosion hits oil pipeline in Syria's Homs
A man jumps into a wall.
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges
the official spoke on condition of anonymity.
Syria opposition threatens to quit talks
If so, state that is why they're not true.
Al Qaeda clashes, blasts kill 35 soldiers in Yemen
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
Jeremy Hunt distances himself from adviser who 'overstepped the mark'
Many sheep standing on a green hill.
French forces attack al-Qaeda's Mali allies
A slow loris bites a persons fingers.
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.
A man plays an acoustic guitar.
A woman is slicing up some pork.
"The Hulk" took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake
Heavy Smog Hits North China City, Flights Canceled
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
photo of a television screen showing a movie.
Indian rape accused face verdicts
The woman is tapping her fingers on the table.
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
GM slow on recalls, Congress record shows
Asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of U.S. debt deal
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
What if they messed up a study?
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
Chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects
Rescuers race to find 20 still trapped in India building collapse
Tokyo stocks open up 0.52%
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
A woman is dancing by a fire.
**smooches Ran** Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?
A person is riding a jetski in the waves.
What is a girl douche?
@sozobe, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.
Syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners
"There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN," he said.
A man is breaking an egg.
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
China yuan weakens to 6.1059 against USD
Barclays boss falls to rate fixing scandal
Singapore shares open 0.83% higher on Wednesday
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
Originally Posted by zaf We in Britain think differently to Americans.
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
A puppy is playing with a tennis ball.
A man is eating a banana.
the chinese government gave active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons inspections. 
Two puppies are playing with each other.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
A boy is singing and playing the piano.
North Korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea
russia suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops in europe.
A person is walking down a stone path.
A dog splashing in the water.
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
Pakistan protests ceasefire violations by India
Palestinians' first ever UN vote symbolic yet historic
A man is playing a trumpet.
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (July 31 ‚Äď August 6, 2013)
Iraq army fights to retake Tikrit
'5 snowboarders killed in Colorado avalanche'
A man is spinning.
Bomb blasts before Indian opposition rally kill 4
6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC
Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
A monkey is swinging from tree to tree.
Pictures of the day: 11 April 2013
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
A person is slicing cantaloupe.
Gunman kills 6 in shooting at Wisconsin Sikh temple
The man is peeling an apple.
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
russian president putin signs decree suspending russia's application of european arms control treaty. 
Suicide bomber kills 13 Iraqi army recruits in Baghdad
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
Ukrainian parliament dismisses president
Mugabe declared winner of disputed elections
Someone is riding a horse.
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
Protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, 5 people detained
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.
santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes. 
Three women with brown hair are smiling.
Pakistan convoy heads to protest US drone strikes
A woman is slicing some vegetables.
Pakistan marks World Press Freedom Day
Australian PM Gillard set to win leadership challenge
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal
First man on moon Neil Armstrong dies at 82
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
An Esso gas station with trees in the background.
France Says Won't 'Shirk Responsibilities' in Syria
A person is playing a guitar.
Bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
2 dead, 2 injured in Nevada middle school shooting
A woman cuts up some meat.
Jesse Jackson Jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud
India Ink: Image of the Day: January 27
Egypt lets Mubarak PM back in presidential race
A man is running across a high wire.
A little girl holds a wooden stick.
Obama is Bush's fault.
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.
Three children in a ball pit.
No extortion, no bribery, no money involved He's asking for money for his vote.
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
US makes case for action against Syria
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.
Oil firm asked rogue trader about meeting with minister
A cat is licking a sucker.
Saudi Man Traveling With Pressure Cooker Arrested
defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center. 
Mali future interim president readies to take office
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
Somalia's Shebab claims responsibility for Nairobi mall attack
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
Different sets of teams are playing football on a field.
A man is doing tricks with a soccer ball.
Philippines typhoon death toll at 4,460: UN
Russia warns it will 'respond' if interests in Ukraine attacked
Witnesses hear 'loud booms' at Boston Marathon
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
a jockey riding a horse.
Three bottles are on a table.
Death toll in India building collapse hits 42
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
Senator Reid involved in Las Vegas car crash: CNN
A band is singing.
Russian court releases Greenpeace ship doctor on bail
"Being against using nukes" means "not wanting to use nukes".
not a constitutional issue.
At Tuesday's arraignment hearing, Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements.
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
The man is slicing bread.
The people shouting for justice for Trayvon are all hypocrites.
A girl is playing a piano.
A woman is cutting potato.
A group of people are dancing.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
Dutchy Has anyone heard from Dutchy?
Plastic toys are floating in water.
Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
Hijacker arrested after plane lands at Geneva Airport
Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street
The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.
Two women are wrestling.
Three boys playing soccer in a field
No has has shut down the oil fields.
UN monitors unable to reach site of Syria killings
Australian PM Kevin Rudd calls election for 7 September
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
indian defense ministry has increased spending on defense purchases. 
Do you have anything to make it more compelling?
Japan, S Korean military planes defy China's new defence zone
Hezbollah targets Qaeda gathering along border with Syria
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014.
A woman is dancing in the rain.
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
some asean officials stated such standardization would be difficult due to different countries' political systems. 
The ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority.
A cartoon chef is flipping pancakes.
US offers US$10 mil. for Pakistan militant
a woman with a viking hat on.
You wanna know what I find curious?
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
A woman is slicing ginger.
Damascus 'suicide bombing' kills 10
"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.
britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (about 13.9 billion us dollars). 
A woman is riding a horse.
Lebanon's PM forms 'unity cabinet' Lebanon's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office, taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am
"Jane" wants me to ask the helpful party guest to pay for it.
Explosion in Kabul a suicide attack in diplomatic area
Gains in financial stocks push up European equities
Pressing one does send a tone.
Three people racing on ice skates.
A plane flying at a distance.
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
6 killed in Mexico ‘monster truck’ crash
Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series
Angry families demand answers after China plant fire kills 119
You already did that - we have a Muslim in office right now.
Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief 'set to take place'
A boy feeding a sheep hay.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
Google releases Nexus 5 phone with Kit Kat
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
Hezbollah's Nasrallah warns US over anti-Islam film
A cat is playing the piano.
Olivia Colman wins second BAFTA Award
Paul did not preach faith without works.
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
I said YOU had gotten soft.
A woman picks up a baby kangaroo.
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
Kabul Bank Heads Sentenced for Corruption
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
EU slaps sanctions on Assad family
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
Two dogs are running on the grass.
But we can't do it without help.
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
A man is riding a skateboard.
Syria's PM escapes assassination try, regime says
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
South Africa: Mandela remains in hospital
Snowden poised to fly out of Moscow
Books To Help Kids Talk About Boston Marathon News
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
amnesty international has published a report stating that an indian project to sell attack helicopters to myanmar threatens a european union arms embargo against myanmar. 
Five charged with terrorism offences
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
Fresh rain brings more flooding
New rules for US Secret Service
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
A woman beats two eggs in a bowl.
the amnesty international report was compiled by european and international non-governmental forums.
Sniper waiting for result of appeal
People are responsible for their actions.
"In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons."
North Korea proposes high-level talks with US
the center will formally open in 2009.
A dog is swimming in a pool.
Assad says Syria will comply with UN arms resolution
Iran urges rapid release of diplomat
Cabinet at war over arming Syrian rebels
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
Guineans Go to the Polls in Presidential Elections
I've assumed this as well in my argument.
Nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against Russian sailors
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
Two boys are talking on the phone.
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
US Senate to vote on fiscal cliff deal as deadline nears
India Ink: Image of the Day: March 4
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
The San Francisco plane crash at a glance
Mali's President Hands in Resignation
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
A man is mooing.
A person is slicing a scallop.
I can't believe she is asking YOU to ask the helpful party guest for money!
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
I wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome.
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
A man and a woman talk in a diner.
the number of executions in iran in 2007 was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports.
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
A woman leading a white horse.
Science fiction legend Ray Bradbury dead at 91
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
Syrian Regime Bids To Retake City Of Aleppo
A man is singing on stage.
spokesman themba maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons being transported through south african territory to zimbabwe.
West Ham beats Newcastle 2-0 in Premier League
A man dries his hands.
10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers' party (pkk).
All Eyes on Capriles as Venezuela Election Set
A woman is taking a bath.
A man is playing the cello.
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
Johor crowns its fifth Sultan
Does he have supporters?
A dog is eating water melon.
spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.
@cicerone imposter, Frank, I observe and perceive.
A cat on its back looking at the camera.
Someone is slicing a tomato.
No, I show you are willfully ignorant.
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood deputy head arrested
China launches first moon rover mission
The man is adding seasoning to the beans.
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
Hong Kong stocks close 2.33% higher
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
A tortoise is walking.
A woman is pouring water on fish.
A man plays a guitar.
Egypt 'freezes Muslim Brotherhood assets'
India, China ink border pact; 8 other agreements
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
The people had awakened.
South Korea regrets North's refusal of talks
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
Thousands of Britons claim dole in Germany
The horse is running.
University of Florida frat accused of spitting on wounded war veterans
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
lima is the capital of
N. Korea fires short-range missiles
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
There is, however, no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday.
Use of force by aggressor.
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
Sierra Leone in Ebola lockdown
Arrested Russian killer denies ties to Pussy Riot
Police: Explosion in Belfast Cathedral Quarter
Live Blog: Iraq In Turmoil
A animal is eating.
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.
Does the census have an rear end in a top hat?
9 dead, 11 hurt, 4 missing in Mont Blanc avalanche
A man peeled a potatoe.
Two dogs running on grass.
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower
Car bomb in northern Syria kills 20
A rabbit is kissing another rabbit.
 - Income, top rate:  percent.
Algeria hostage death toll rises
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
The man is using a sledghammer to break the concrete block that is on the other man.
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
Indian PM snubs Commonwealth summit
Mali Islamists destroying 'more Timbuktu shrines'
What time is Andy Murray v Roger Federer in the Wimbledon men's final? All you need to know about the big game
Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan
A person is hitchhiking on a road.
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years.
A man is adding pork chops to a pan.
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
5 die in strikes on Gaza, militants barrage Israel
4 Killed in US Drone Strike in Pakistan
A group of people standing outside of a building.
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
A woman is mixing an egg in a bowl.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
Iranian nuclear talks to be extended to November
Except that they couldn't.
Foreign militants killed in Somalia in strike on car
Philippine quake death toll climbs to 73
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, August 23, 2013
A man shows off a small monkey.
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
"The whole thing is a travesty," fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
If your stick hits a guy in the face, you're getting a penalty.
"We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose," Ellison said.
That's just not how legal briefs are written.
human rights violations in myanmar include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child soldiers. 
Four injured in motorway crash
The man is playing with a skull.
NRA official to face questions for first time since controversial remarks
A boy is playing key board.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
china is an important force for safeguarding world peace. 
What's your definition of nature?
A doctor rushes a patient on a stretcher.
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
Syrian opposition to name delegation for talks
Car bomb kills four in Hezbollah Beirut bastion: minister
A young boy is riding a bike.
Four U.S. Air Force helicopter crew members killed in UK crash
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
"We think it's great news," said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
Peru protesters clash with police
A boy is making some dance steps.
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog.
South Africa train crash kills 26
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
I have many problems with these men, way to many to state here!
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
China, India vow to further bilateral ties
A man rode a mechanical bull.
A black table with white fuzzy chair.
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
Thousands of Morsi supporters gather in Egypt
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.
Suicide bomber kills 13 at restaurant in central Somalia
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
Police arrest suspect in deadly LA driving attack
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility.
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
Two black dogs playing in the snow.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on August 18
He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships. 
i don't want a president who is charasmatic.
In shock move, Obama puts Syria strike on hold
Pakistani Taleban chief killed in US drone strike
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
A woman is handling a frog.
Where does the money come from in the first place?
Shooting, protests mar Thai voting
blix stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction. 
No agreement at Iran nuclear talks
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
A man climbing a cliff face.
Egypt's Morsi rules out talks as hostage video appears
10 rockets in 20 minutes in Eshkol Regional Council
Army jets kill 38 militants in NW Pakistan air raids
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
Her 20-year-old sister, Allyson, was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition.
Factbox: What to look for in Obama's State of the Union speech
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
Ukraine rivals sign deal to end crisis
US waives riders for Pak aid
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
Palestinian official slams Israel's stone-throwing bill
2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.
Repsol blasts Argentina over oil nationalization
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
Ehud Olmert, former Israeli prime minister, sentenced to six years in jail for corruption
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova's separatist region of trans-dniester. 
How would Martin or anyone else know his intentions based on his actions?
Wrestling to feature in 2020 Tokyo Olympics
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
Israel ex-spy warns against 'messianic' Iran war
And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
Iranian painter Mansoureh Hosseini dies
'Blade Runner' Pistorius to dispute murder charge
South Africa starts investigating mine violence
Poverty stats doubt Modi's development claims
helmand province is the world's largest opium-producing region. 
China stocks close mixed Friday
A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.
Central African Republic president overthrown by rebels
Two dead, 181 hurt in San Francisco air crash
Syrian war seen dragging on for years
80 percent of the opposition democratic party supports economic sanctions.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
So answer the question.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
Someone is scratching an animals belly.
China's Peace Ark departs for the Philippines Thursday
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
Two men walking past a mural of a car.
U.S. Sees No Conclusive Evidence of Chemical Arms Use by Syria
Spanish government approves tight restrictions on abortion
Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympics
UN monitors shot at on way to Syrian massacre site
Commodity Expanded Value-Form, .
French train passengers tell of crash ordeal
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
Mexico storm death toll continues to rise
Cars racing on a dirt track
Police attacked in Belfast flag protests
A man cracks an egg.
A rocket exploded.
It wouldn't stop joke marriages.
A boy running through green grass.
A dog is moving its mouth.
Indian rape accused found guilty
More than 1,000 inmates escape from Libya's al-Kweifiya prison
Those are partial psychopaths.
A woman with a white horse.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The cat cleaned his face with his paw.
the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only. 
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
Tell me exactly which system isn't working right now?
CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
And here I thought I knew me some math.
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
Meteorite hits central Russia, 400 hurt
Russia condemns North Korean nuclear test
The Muslims would say the same thing about the Qur'an.
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty.
Key wants Waitangi marae visit to stay
A person is driving a car.
Ann Romney has never had to get out and be a part of the workforce.
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan IED attack
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
China stocks open higher Monday
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
The great thing about living here is there's space.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid.
"The figures are becoming catastrophic," said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe. 
A bird picks up a plastic cup containing a liquid with it's beak and puts the cup into a bowl.
the cfe is very important for european security. 
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
U.S., EU Boost Sanctions On Russia
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
Jenni Rivera, Mexican music star, dies in plane crash
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 359
Palestinian hunger striker, Israel reach deal
A man drives a car.
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
A woman is playing an electric guitar.
The cat played with a watermelon.
-CryptoLutheran No. We have a Christian in office right now.
China ships enter waters off disputed islands
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."
It's imposing a law.
A woman is riding a seadoo.
Faction Names Bianca Ojukwu APGA National Leader
North Korea cuts last ties with South by barring joint industrial park
A black dog walking through water.
More expensive homes.
South Korea ferry captain arrested
An overweight man is skipping rope.
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
Weak earnings drag stocks lower
Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan
Jay My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
A man is shaking a container over a kitchen sink.
The white dog is running along the beach.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
Or sin is removed upon entry to heaven.
At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
To be unconsititutional means to violate the constitution.
Egypt swears in new interim leader
A man is swimming.
Eleven killed in China police station attack
Democrats Face Divide Over a Strike on Syria
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
Norway marks anniversary of massacre
It finished as a work of fiction.
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
Japan scrambles jets against Russian military planes
A machine is sharpening a pencil.
China's anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights
A man in a hat is playing a harp.
Death toll rises to 29 in India's Mumbai building collapse
indian nationals constitute the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons. 
Quotations of the day
iran's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes. 
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.
the u.s. plans have angered the russian government.
Philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000
Dominique Strauss-Kahn faces questions over French prostitution ring
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
Obama hails Mandela's inspiration effect
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.
Pakistani girl shot by Taliban appears on video
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
India Minister's wife died 'unnatural death' after affair rumours
Syria opposition unites as Israel fires warning shots
A woman plays on a flute.
A girl is riding a horse.
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar.
Guinea votes in long-delayed legislative poll
Tentative Deal Reached to Resume Israeli-Palestinian Talks - US
Malawi Officially Confirms President's Death
Tokyo shares open higher over buoyant U.S. market
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.
US soldier ‘doesn’t recall massacre’
US Attorney General Holder resigns
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.
A woman is cracking three eggs into a bowl.
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
Five dead in Canada train crash
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
the osce discussed the possible extension of the osce's mission in kosovo. 
Thieves snatch English Channel swimmer's custom-made wheelchair
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
it is a serious threat to international security. 
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
"We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable," London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
five people standing on a sidewalk
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
Afghan parliament approves U.S. partnership
china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology. 
A monkey pratices martial arts.
Why did that transaction take place.
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
Jiroemon Kimura: World's oldest person dies aged 116
Militants attack UN as Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers
Jury nullification has NOTHING to do with the Constitutionality of laws.
Generations divided over gay marriage
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
Rapturous welcome for Aung San Suu Kyi's historic trip
Crimean forces storm Ukrainian navy headquarters
Apple to pay $2.65/share dividend, buy back $10B stock
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
A man is singing and playing a guitar.
Russian Prime Minister On Second Day Of Crimea Visit
"We've become like total strangers," John told a pal two days before his death.
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
Drone strike kills four suspected militants in Pakistan
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites)."
Martin said, "Why are you following me?"
there is much concern over the drug. 
A man and a woman are kissing each other.
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.
A man is lifting a car.
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
sistan-baluchestan borders afghanistan and pakistan.
Iran arrests several spies near nuclear plant
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
US soldier kills up to 16 Afghan civilians in shooting spree
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
Storm death toll rises as wind, rain batters north. Europe
Mom busted in and said, "What's that noise?"
How is this slanted against Bush??
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down
Carney sets high bar to change at BoE
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east. 
Egyptian army pushes to attack kidnappers
Boston bomb suspect charged; religious motive seen
Purge of Kim uncle sends chilling message to North Korea’s elite
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
The man is playing the guitar.
Man killed in French terror raid
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
Libyans begin handing in weapons
A baby is crawling across the floor.
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
A man is cooking a tortilla in a skillet.
lugar and nunn are senators. 
Five Killed in Blasts in India
'Life-Threatening' Storms Feared for Midwest
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
Tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam
Pakistan's opposition party boycotts presidential elections
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
The Judges orders a three-page letter to be filed.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
Obama urges Europe to act quickly on crisis
I Shot the Sheriff We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leaders to pursue joining the european union.
The woman is slicing herbs.
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits
'Scores of bodies' found in Syria
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
Sheriff: Man recovers stolen car 42 years later
A pig is agitating a lion.
A man is leading a horse around by it's halter.
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife.
Mandela leaves hospital after 10 days
Death toll climbs to 15 in Indonesia boat sinking
A person is blow torching cameras.
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
Costa Concordia captain to be tried for manslaughter
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china.
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.
Two dogs play in a field.
A woman is adding oil to a pan.
U.S., EU Widen Sanctions On Russia
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
Russians rally against Putin's rule
China stocks open lower on Wednesday
A man is playing keyboards.
Royal Hoax DJ Takes Action Against Station
China truck accident kills 20
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
A little girl is playing the piano.
A boy falls off his bike.
A small animal is chewing on a finger.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
Thousands of Russians stranded abroad
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
Yahoo to Buy Tumblr for $1.1 Billion
Headlines in several Iranian newspapers on Oct 19
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
Ukraine's opposition chief wants more protests
Romney concedes election to Obama in phone call
Malaysia: Chinese satellite found object in ocean
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
Weiner falls to fourth in new NYC mayoral poll
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 14 killed in Afghanistan
Deadly Gas Cylinder Blast Hits Pakistan School Bus
It is all Bush's fault.
No argument with Jakarta on boats: Abbott
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
A hedgehog is biting at a blanket.
russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security. 
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
US Air Force helicopter crew killed in British crash
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.
Three killed in Brazil stadium collapse
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
Bangladesh building collapse death toll passes 1,000
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
A hamster is singing.
Two females jump off of swings.
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.
Two women in a sailboat.
Do you not understand what the word 'led' implies?
Syria blames rebels for Houla massacre of over 100
Five children buried alive in Bohol landslide
Australia creates world's largest marine reserves
Mandela remains in 'intensive care'
Candy - Thanks for starting us off today.
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
Britain loses bid to deport radical cleric Abu Qatada
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
A man is climbing a rope.
A person is mixing water and flour.
A lion is trying to climb up over a wall.
A jet is flying.
Syrian army pushes assault on rebel-held town
'Western' forces attack Islamic militant base in Somalia
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
jewish-american group the anti-defamation league (adl) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal. 
38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
Most times, % of the time, we are getting what we expect.
A long train is on train tracks.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
Senior cleric: Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
Top judge Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president
lol Looking forward to seeing your built-in's!
China's yuan advances to 6.3103 against USD Wednesday
Kerry postpones visit to Israel in one week
China launches first air-to-air missile from chopper
Yet you didn't have to declare it.
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
Gunmen 'Kill 15' In Second Kenya Attack
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
Snowden sees "no chance" to get fair trial in U.S.
A man is petting a dog.
Wave of attacks kills at least 95 in Iraq
Canadian government 'monitoring' train blast situation
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
Iraq bombings kill at least 26
A man drills wood.
A person is adding oil in the pan.
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
Two kids splashing in the water.
Homs mortar fire kills 105
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
A large bird standing on a table picks up a plastic glass containing liquid and places it in a bowl of something.
A baby sneezed and scared another baby.
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov't
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests
Obama: Congress, world credibility on line
'Betrayed' disabled workers protest against Remploy closures
A woman cuts tofu into tiny pieces.
Two black dogs walking through the snow.
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
A man shooting a car.
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
Strong Italy Quake Kills at Least Six
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
Two rams stand on snowy ground.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
A dog running across the sand
The dog played with a bug on the carpet.
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
Yolanda death toll climbs to 3,621
A woman is combing her hair.
A woman is cutting up a chicken.
this further aggravated the situation. 
Titanic Violin Nabs Record $1.4 Million
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?
A man is putting foods in a box.
an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists. 
The Nazis lowered the minimum age to buy a firearm from  to .
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
i started it last night xanis.
Pakistani Mob Kills Man 'for Burning Koran'
Over 2,000 migrants rescued from wooden boats in Mediterranean
Pro-Russia rebels downed Malaysian plane: Ukraine
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A train is running on the tracks.
Malaysia detains Australian senator at airport
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it.
Singapore shares open 0.19% higher on Thursday
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
One word: Zombies Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?
A woman holding a small baby.
Obama praises U.S.-Latin America trade ties
Why would the addition of more of Jesus words be left out of the canon?
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
Wall Street ends slightly lower
A red and white double decker bus is parked.
Belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
a dog runs across the grass.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium. 
A jockey riding a horse.
afghan drug trafficker was caught in tajikistan.
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood Stands Behind Morsi
Two women posing with a baby.
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.
Egyptians vote in landmark presidential election
Romney has narrow Maine caucus win
A rider is running and jumping her horse.
North Korea vows to restart nuclear facilities
A squirrel is spinning around in circles.
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
A large boat pulling a small white boat.
Fed expected to maintain stimulus
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
There is no freedom of religion.
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.
US surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped Nigerian girls
Cyclone Phailin evacuation kept Indian villagers alive
A man is getting into a car.
Woman at table busy with something.
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
S.Korea proposes 'final' N.Korea talks over Kaesong
It's not imposing morals.
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
Clinton warns Kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos
As to would I kill  person to save , I have no idea.
kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un.
Heat flash detected at time of Russian airliner crash
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.
A woman is slicing a lemon.
Iran, Tajikistan sign cooperation agreement
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
NATO: 5 Americans killed in southern Afghanistan
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
And Nugent was a complete fool to say what he said.
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
Red double decker bus on side of street.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
A woman is deep frying food.
Israel agrees to release Palestinian prisoners
A man is crying.
China sets Bo Xilai trial date
Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
The entire thing just makes no sense.
Someone is sitring noodles in water.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
A boy is playing in the mud.
At least 11 killed in India building collapse
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
Two die in Syria violence after UN monitors land
A field of black faced sheep.
EU sanctions Assad's wife; mortars hit Homs
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
Obama and Romney focus on swing-states
Old TV alignments crack at the edges
A man is riding on a motorcycle.
A skier is falling face first into the snow.
Hot-Air Balloon Catches Fire in Virginia
Egyptian court bans Muslim Brotherhood
Typhoon Haiyan: world sends relief to battered Philippines
A passenger train waiting in a station.
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
Two men are fighting.
Russia evacuates embassy in Libya after attack
A boy is playing a guitar.
Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A wooden bicycle with an awning.
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
Pope Francis commemorates dead migrants at Lampedusa
Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief
A woman is exercising with a barbell.
White diamond breaks record in Hong Kong auction
Two birds are perched on a metal band.
A black and white photo of a love seat.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.
the area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between iranian police and drug smugglers.
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.
it is a serious threat to international security.
In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
Woman killed by falling debris
A man is hiking.
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
Egypt announces arrest of 1,004 Muslim Brotherhood supporters
A person is rinsing a steak off with water.
Mumbai photojournalist gangrape case cracked, five accused arrested
The man is talking on the phone.
uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.
19 Killed in Iraq Attacks ahead of Ramadan End
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
Anti-Putin protesters form human chain
The ignorance is yours!
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections.
Chinese military reaches out amid South China Sea tensions
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
Team Anna yet to decide on contesting state polls
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
the statement was posted on the kremlin web site and carried by state news agencies.
Syrian Arab Republic (the): Syrian Arab Republic: Syrian Refugees (as of 28 June 2012)
Egypt poll: 98 per cent vote 'yes' for new constitution
A dog is catching a fish in a river.
the opposition japanese communist party was against the bill proposing the new law.
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes.
A cat and a ferret are playing.
A girl running is flying a kite.
People exploited the laws.
The Lede: Video: Gunman Takes Firefighters Hostage in Georgia
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
Can the U.S. trust Syria to hand over chemical weapons?
Someone is seasoning eggs.
TV weatherman Fred Talbot arrested over sex claims
Zimbabwe: 'Grave Concerns' Over Election
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
A train is on the railroad tracks.
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
Afghan president delays signing US deal
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
Hrithik Roshan, wife Sussanne part ways
A dog is chasing a ball.
Russia claims to have foiled possible terror act
Ecuador yet to decide on Assange's asylum
Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP
Facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth: reaction
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
The Hunger Games breaks US box office record
Morsi's supporters reject plan
Natalie was a complete fool to have insulted their fan base.
Obama announces creation of twin manufacturing hubs
He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
Two American Officers Murdered As Afghan Unrest Continues
A man is playing a harp.
The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
Rangers voted into Division Three
A man and woman walking hold each other.
Funeral set for Ohio shooting victim
Dozens die as clashes erupt at Morsi rally in Cairo
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
Obama meets with Mandela family
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
A boy with a metal colander on his head.
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
Unrest in tense Nigeria leaves at least 95 dead
Two little girls talk on the telephone.
NATO says North Korea nuclear test is grave threat to world peace
A man is drawing some figures.
A man puts vegetables into a pot.
GM to start taking recall compensation claims Aug 1
A boy is upset playing video games.
WikiLeaks Releasing Trove of Syria Documents
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
Sachin Tendulkar scores cricket's first 100th century
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table.
The question needs to be asked.
Thousands protest gay marriage
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
the bill for the new law was already approved by the japanese government's lower house last week.
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006. 
Pak: 20 dead in anti-Islam film protests
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
North Korea Warns Foreigners in South, Advising Evacuation
Israeli official confirms second air strike at Syria
The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
A woman is carrying a wallaby in a bag.
Schumacher in a coma after ski accident
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
Two men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car.
Yahoo agrees to buy Tumblr for $1.1 billion cash
There is no war in the Middle east.
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
Piers Morgan Interviewed by Police in Hacking Case
Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka in sea transfer
A man is slicing a potatoe.
I am not the one claiming the right to decide over another woman's body.
NATO says four troops killed in "insider" attack in Afghan south
A man seated is playing the guitar.
drug-trafficking activity is rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula.
People ride and paddle a raft.
A black and white dog is running on the beach.
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
Asia stocks fall ahead of Greek debt deal deadline
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
Turkish police fire teargas at protesters in Istanbul
EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo
Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
A person is eating at a table.
He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
Eurozone jobless hits fresh record high
The man slced through a thick rope with a sword.
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
It is mostly just the Dutch.
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
Feds drop 'morning-after pill' appeal
A cat stares into the camera.
"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
US helping get arms to Syria rebels
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society.
Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti Resigns
Iran's parliament backs nuclear deal
He hasn't been funny since Larry Bud Melman was on the show.
In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
Israel strikes Syria as tensions rise on weapons
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
Typhoon survivors raid Philippine stores
Iran (Islamic Republic of): Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
Kerry plan to include prisoner release, settlement freeze
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.
A dog running through the water.
A woman shoots a shotgun.
A baby is crawling happily.
10 killed in road accident in NW Pakistan
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
Spanish train crash driver to be questioned
Imagine a place with % men and % women.
A woman is playing a flute on stage.
Suspected al-Qaeda financier arrested in France
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.
tibet suspects chinese government of launching the attack.
Feds move to require car-to-car safety communication
Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern Afghanistan
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl off.
Asian markets slump on central bank stimulus fears
Look forward to seeing it!
Five cows are grazing beside the road.
A dog pants while standing in the woods.
Obama jokes about himself at reporters' dinner
Navy jet crashes into Virginia apartments,9 hurt
The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012
Three die after car crash at Tian'anmen
Commerce secretary to take leave of absence
UN presses need for major boost in Syrian aid
Israeli president released from hospital
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
North Korea shuns offer of talks
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
A man is mowing a lawn.
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
6 dead, several missing in Mont Blanc avalanche
john duncan is great britain's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament. 
A woman boils eggs.
a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced.
Sienna Miller attacks press for ‚Äėtitillating‚Äô reports at hacking trial
A dog is pulling a child down a hill.
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
A woman is speaking in sign language.
The ideology was built around violent expansion, so yes - VIOLENT expansion.
Permalink to Two killed in Germany train accident
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.
A woman is slicing up some meat.
A man is kissing a woman in stage.
Therefore, the universe has an explanation of its existence.
U.S. drone strikes kill 16 suspected militants in Yemen
A badger is digging the earth.
A woman is rock climbing.
FACTBOX-Security developments in Pakistan, March 13
Death toll from west Chinas violence rises to 35
A woman with her child.
Rocks, Tear Gas Fly as Thai Protests Heat Up
Press awash with Nigeria\'s general elections
If it isn't a person, then WTF is it?
Coronation Street stars hail 'amazing' new set
An animal is walking.
A monkey is wading across a marsh.
The end of the Hong Kong protests?
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
Honduran ambassador to Colombia sacked after wild party
Seven peacekeepers killed in Sudan's Darfur
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
Venezuela assembly meets amid Chavez health crisis
Bangladesh building collapse: death toll climbs to 580
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes.
Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city of Tripoli
Egypt to hold presidential elections before parliamentary polls
A man stands in front of a train.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
A man is rinsing a large steak.
Stocks edge higher after Greek debt deal
A woman is slicing a garlic.
A cat reclines on an office chair.
Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
2 killed, 6 wounded in clashes in northern Lebanon
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
Turkish Prime Minister signals return to hardline on protesters
Chinese shares close lower Wednesday
naeem m. was hanged in zabol, sistan-baluchestan province. 
A cruise liner docked at a port.
Red Cross negotiating Syria ceasefire to bring aid
Chinese general's son gets 10 years jail for rape
Hushen 300 Index closes lower -- March 12
"We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy," said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
Ryanair in new bid for Aer Lingus
A red bird is perched in a tree.
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
Google Unveils Concept Self-Driving Car
Ukraine: Three Killed In Parliament Protests
Oklahoma examines what went wrong in botched execution
Islamist Morsi Wins Egypt's Presidential Election
Clash of Styles in Court Opens Trial in Young Man‚Äôs Death
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
Stocks rise early after Greek deal, then flatten
Iranians Vote in Presidential Election
Two British soldiers killed by Afghan policeman
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
A person is playing a keyboard piano.
nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution.
lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
A girl in orange lights a candle.
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
Eurozone unemployment at record high in June
George Zimmerman Verdict Propels Cable News Into Talkradio Mode
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
Malaysia elections: Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
you don't use the search button much, do you?
US House Republicans elect Paul Ryan as speaker
Indonesian president to visit UK
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
four people are on a boat on green water.
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
Nirvana is very different than oblivion.
Israel PM accuses Iran president of hypocrisy
Texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
beijing police apprehend more than 20 people including 8 foreigners in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 pubs in a popular downtown area. 
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution. 
Suicide Bombers Kill 3 Soldiers in Pakistan
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
Syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks
Muslim Brotherhood supporter dies in Cairo clash
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
I haven't made any claims.
Greek PM calls for May 6 general election
"Leprechauns don't exist" - fine.
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
Egypt opposition mulls response to Morsi dialogue call
Obama pledges to make new health care law work
The lady cut up a potatoe.
World sends emergency relief to battered Philippines
Food price hikes raise concerns in Iran
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
Romney wins Florida Republican primary
Egypt president declares state of emergency in three cities
Police target illegal tobacco syndicate
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.
How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?
As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency's director general.
A man jumps while on a snowboard.
A deer jumps over a cyclone fence.
India bans bulk texts after riots
A man is screaming.
Egypt forces set to block access to Morsi protest camps
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
Merkel Vies 3rd Term in Office in Germany Elections
Meat is dropped into a pan.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.
council tax Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?
Cameron to hold talks with Sturgeon on UK future
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
A man is cutting a snake to cook.
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
Occupation to confiscate 30 dunums of Palestinian land in Deir Estia
Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
Someone is greasing a pan.
Higher than  per cent but not very high.
Spanish train driver Garzon to be questioned by judge
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
Italian President Napolitano elected for second term
A white dog runs on a beach.
Military holds upper hand in Egypt
A woman is swimming in the beach.
Turkish PM tells supporters to prepare for rallies
Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.
Shooter charged with murder of US black teen
A woman is lying on a blanket on a rock and reading a book.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
A black train moves down the tracks.
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
Syria envoy says no peace talks without opposition
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
Egypt presidential election May 23-24
Egypt court temporarily releases Mubarak over illicit gains
A man rides a horse.
beijing police apprehended more than 20 people in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 downtown bars.
Washington Pot Shops Prepare for Historic Sales
NA President‚Äôs message on the World Press Freedom Day
A person is peeling an eggplant.
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
A man holds a small animal in one hand.
A man wearing a hard hat removes his glasses as he speaks.
The baby is laughing and crawling.
A car is moving through a road.
A woman is riding a motorized scooter down a road.
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
South Korean workers set to leave joint factory zone
19 killed, 42 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
North Korea fires three short-range missiles
Iran, a large important partner for Russia: Novak
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
The two dogs are running through the grass.
JetBlue pilot who disrupted flight declared insane, not guilty
A white and brown dog runs in a field.
N Korea hit with new US sanctions
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.
The dog is in the air above the grass.
the 5 permanent united nations security council members are britain, china, france, russia and the united states. 
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
Three Tibetans self-immolate in western China: report
Romney won't volunteer budget differences
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
Specifically a Baptist.
"I notice a mood change in their priorities," said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
A man drove his car.
Taiwan gang leader nabbed at airport after 17 years
India voters kick off world‚Äôs biggest election
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
The girl is tiding up her bed.
'Glee' star Cory Monteith found dead
Syrian Opposition Council to Establish Envoy in France
Twin bombings in Pakistan kill at least 40
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Two girls are jumping high in the air.
A man and woman is riding in a car.
A guy is playing a trumpet.
AOL says to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1.0 bn
A person is riding a horse.
Israelis attack 2 Palestinians in Jerusalem area
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
The person is riding the horse.
EU ministers hold crisis talks over horse meat scandal
Daily Press Briefing: Syria
Pope Francis condemns global indifference to suffering
Libya PM names new cabinet after protests over original
Syria: Cameron and Obama move west closer to intervention
18 killed, 108 wounded in wave of bombings in Iraq
Anti-Putin protesters form human chain in Moscow
A woman walks her dog down the street.
Manning Sentenced to 35 Years for Leaking Government Secrets
Missing cruise passenger is a NSW ambo
Pakistan to release senior Taliban commander on Saturday
Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
North Korea says to put US citizen on trial
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
Senegalese president to visit China
A dog shaking off water.
Nah, that's not how it works.
ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
No problem if Mulayam forms third front: Digvijay
Meteorite hits central Russia, more than 500 people hurt
Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner
the matter is delicate. 
Volcanic eruption closes 3 airports
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
I oppose the death penalty.
Pro-Russia rebels to hold vote in Ukraine
It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
Some kids play in a field.
- Admin DrPizza and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.
Bombings, clashes continue in Syria
Barclays hit by fresh U.S. investigations
Police clash with youth in Cairo after anti-Morsi protest
Parents demands common forms for nursery admissions
3 suspected extremists were released on bail. 
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
180 killed in Iran earthquake
What the Papers Say, May 20, 2013
Aye but they ARE responsible to their constituents.
Bangladeshi Islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers
Train going down the tracks.
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
gorgich and pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province.
38 IS militants killed in clashes, air strikes in Iraq
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
Bombs in Thailand kill 14, wound 340
Explosions Near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut
South Korea to boost nuclear power?
A child is walking down the street as a jeep pulls up.
Syrians Protest against Erdogan in Paris, Venezuelans Stress Support to Syria
Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers
Scientists Resurrect Flowers from Prehistoric Seeds
A multi-colored train on a track.
Suicide bomber kills 20 in Iraq
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
Russian TV reports foiled attempt on Putin
detainees to be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police. 
Chinese president arrives in Netherlands for state visit, nuclear summit
Two boy are playing on a trampoline.
Someone is cutting a tomato.
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms.
5 people buried in Colorado avalanche
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
A close-up of a black train engine.
A man is swinging in a rope.
George W Bush weighs into immigration debate
A woman is boiling shrimp.
Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.
US Afghanistan general linked to Petraeus scandal
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.
the international community should modernize and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations. 
A person is dicing an onion.
Where is the slant against Bush?
Several ferrets climb out of their cage.
A person is slicing a tomato.
I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.
Foreign pro-Palestinian activists seek to enter West Bank
6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking. 
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture on it's back.
A man is buttering bread.
Three cows grazing in a field.
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.
A man is melting butter in a pan.
Venezuelan president to visit China
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
Turkey scrambles jets near border
ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
A black dog running on a beach.
You're "a bunch of cells."
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform. 
There is simply no winning for Obama among conservatives.
you have no witnesses for a missile at the pentagon.
The man is putting chicken into the container.
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
Imran to contest from four NA seats
Pakistani plane crashes with 127 on board
Could this have been an enema?
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
A man is holding a animal.
Pakistan condemns violence in Egypt
Cuba's Castro to Take Over CELAC Presidency
the amnesty international report suggested that-- belgium begin immediate talks with india to prevent future sales of the alh, components or military technology to myanmar. 
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
180 dead, 1,300 injured in northwest Iran earthquakes
Protesters swamp streets to reclaim revolution
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
A young man is dancing.
Forex & Gold 19 July 2012
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
Fidel Castro celebrates 86th birthday
A man is putting papers on a dish.
Driver in Spanish train crash faces questions from judge
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.
A woman is reading a lifestyle magazine.
Dozens killed in air strike on bakery in central Syria
The girl danced in front of the bonfire.
Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 June
Top Chinese political advisor meets Yemeni president
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
Angelina Jolie and the complex truth about breast cancer 
The cat teased the dog by touching his head.
US, Russia agree on seizure of Syria chemical weapons
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
Belarus tightens security along the border with Ukraine
Pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy
elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief. 
Egypt court turns down Mubarak's release request
Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border - live
Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria
Search narrowed for missing man
Despicable Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man.
US Capitol Hill on lockdown after shots fired
A baby is laughing and crawling on the floor.
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.
A boy is trying to say firetruck.
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
NATO protesters acquitted of terrorism charges
You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures. 
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
Business news and markets: as it happened, April 17, 2013
Intel Corp.'s second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors.
Egypt bracing for massive protests
Gunman Among 7 Dead After Florida Apartment Shooting
The man is playing the wooden flute.
Isaac nears Haiti with homeless quake population
A car is parking.
Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
Two foxes are eating from a plate on a brick patio.
Thomas Cook accused of putting costs before customers
Haiti has been a shithole.
Some believe the 'right' is most important.
Australian PM says 'Very confident' signals are from black box
after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro, leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership. 
Indian stocks open higher
A man severs the toe of an empty leather boot using a sword.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
I haven't read the books, but I saw the movie today.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
AU forces intensify attack on Somali rebels
Philadelphia building collapses, 8-10 people may be trapped
GOP presidential hopefuls clash in Southern races
According to Zimmerman he did.
Originally Posted by zaf in the long term, yes.
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
A woman is wearing headphones.
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
Tokyo stocks open lower
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
Two dogs running down a beach.
Women are talking.
Qaida leader calls for kidnap of Westerners in Egypt
Peace lies over the South China Sea
Germany Likely to Press Russia on Syrian Crisis
A man rises from a swamp.
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
Someoen is peeling a potato.
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
Over 70 dead in Spanish high-speed train crash
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
UN court convicts 6 Bosnian Croats of atrocities
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
A woman is making some food.
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.
the meetings lasted 2 days. 
A group of people dance on a hill.
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
Kenya: Pair Arrested By Anti-Terror Police
Cameron 'has no concerns' over halal meat
A dog running through a lot of twigs.
Two men are playing chess.
Mali interim leader takes office
A man is walking down a sidewalk.
UN observers reach Syria massacre village
Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
I'll Have Another retired to stud
Peacekeeper killed in Abyei clash
Goa first step in Modis march to Delhi
Senate, House on collision course on border money
US man recovers car 42 years after theft
Iran warns against military intervention in Iraq
Algerian priest to lecture about Christian heritage in N. Africa
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
A woman is dancing and singing with other women.
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
Nigeria: University Bombed in North
if india blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community. 
China launches probe and rover to moon
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
A man is cutting a rope with a sword.
Three al Qaeda suspects arrested in Spain
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
A man puts a knife in a vice.
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
Bomb kills 18 civilians in Afghanistan
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt. 
S. Korean president 'sorry' for ferry disaster
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
"This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally."
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
Egypt interior minister survives bomb
UN orders global sanctions against Haqqani network
A dog is walking along a pool.
Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
A man is frying a tortilla.
A woman grates onions.
A American flag is blowing in the wind.
How do you know what's right and wrong?
4.3-magnitude earthquake jolts SW China
Westgate mall attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi
11 children killed in Syria bombings
A woman serving volleyballs over a net.
Mursi sworn in as Egyptian president
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert.
A woman is cutting vegetable.
Cameron loses parliamentary vote on Syria military action
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
during armed clashes in southeastern iran police seized nearly 5 metric tons (5.5 tons) of opium and morphine.
Police 'did not link' Savile claims
A woman is smoking.
Two U.S. soldiers killed in "insider" attack in Afghanistan
Couple with newborn baby.
Taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on Facebook to get troops' secrets
France's Strauss-Kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting
Egypt holding key vote on constitution
Saudi to give Lebanese army $3 billion
Osama Bin Laden Wives to Be Jailed
A man blowing a large bubble.
A person is diving into clear blue water.
Gore Vidal, celebrated author, playwright, dies at 86
China's stocks close lower on Monday
myanmar was formerly called burma.
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
Fact check: Obama's Supreme Court remarks
Nelson Mandela Dies at Age 95
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
a boat floats in the water.
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
A man is dieing in an operating room.
A man is walking down a road.
Jeremy Hunt clings on as SpAd quits over News Corp emails
BEIRUT: Lebanon's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday, including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over 
Protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
NYPD's twitter campaign backfires
A man is rinsing a steak.
US Coast Guard suspends search for missing British sailors
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
UK: Iran nuclear talks at a serious point
Google CEO says Android important, not critical
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
Panda's play on a swing.
russia is a member of the nsg.
BBC Director General Resigns amid Newsnight Scandal
So YES, we DO read the bible to learn about Christianity.
. What is your definition of "life force"?
'India police name 3 Iranians in embassy attack'
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
India Ink: Image of the Day: May 2
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
Blizzard wallops US Northeast, closes roads
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
Royal sorrow over nurse's death
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
"It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances," Burke said.
A woman is swinging her arms.
7 killed by Shiite al-Houthi fighters in northern Yemen
Those may be my top . The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
There's no chance of a fair trial.
What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013
Egypt sentences Pakistani amid 5 to death for drug smuggling
At least Mexico had a presence in California.
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
India: Maoist rebels in talks on freeing Italians
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
A person is holding a skunk.
Obama to press Congress to act on economy
UK Leader Signals Support for Airstrikes on IS in Syria
Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
South Sudan accuses Sudan of bombings ahead of talks
"Would you like to pay for others health care?"
Manmohan hopes to clinch nuclear deal with Japan
North Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle
the golden triangle region was 1 of the world's biggest producers of opium. 
Kenya Red Cross says death toll rises to 68
Eye Opener: Supreme Court rules on Arizona immigration law
Singapore shares open lower on Friday
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
A woman is chopping a hard egg.
Except that it wasn't.
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
- wolf I think stories like this are stupid.
Not guilty plea for James Holmes – but insanity option still on table
Someone slices a bottle with a sword.
Killer may have filmed France school shooting
Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185
US military presence in East Asia
Iraq backs Egypt crackdown on Mohamed Morsi supporters
Greece secures biggest debt deal in history
Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
More than 3,400 migrants rescued at sea in Mediterranean
The man danced in the diner.
A man is riding on a horse.
violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups.
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
Three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub
Women to face higher car insurance premiums
Man playing guitar while sitting down.
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
Fire kills 38 in Russian psychiatric institution
A woman is peeling an orange.
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
A woman is adding spices on a meat.
A woman is cooking shrimp.
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke.
LIBERTARIAN/ANARCHO-CAPITALISM: You have two cows.
Two Kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash
Roadside bombs kill 5 in Afghanistan
Hurricane Sandy makes landfall in southeastern Jamaica: NHC
"Fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
A man is driving a car.
Nokia apologises for 'faked' ad
@edgarblythe, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?
Mexican singer Jenni Rivera believed killed in plane crash
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
A person is folding a square paper piece.
Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'
Canadian Muslims issue fatwa against 'honor killing'
Turkish police fight protesters, clear square
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons.
Assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons
a computer on the floor.
Palestinians build another West Bank tent protest
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
A woman riding a brown horse.
Pistorius cop on seven attempted murder charges
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
Israeli gunboats fire at Palestinian fishermen
Critical Gates memoir rocks Obama administration
A dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it.
A man is slam dunking a ball.
Some men are skating on the road.
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
Western powers scramble to befriend Modi
A woman is slipping in the water-tub.
Four civilians, three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
"The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals," the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
A man is diving into a pool.
The person is removing the scales from the fish.
You seem to think that poor people are not responsible for their actions.
The people got off the train.
Clinton warns Kenya on cost of election unrest
World mourns passing of Mandela
the chinese government has strictly censored china's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years.
Syria rebels: We killed Hezbollah men in Lebanon
A dog bounces on a trampoline.
Norway Marks Anniversary of Breivik's Massacre
Egypt court orders release of Mubarak
A black poodle is running in the snow.
Ukraine's Korobka gets four-year doping ban
Bangkok tense on Thai election eve
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
A man is fishing.
Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
Four French soldiers killed in Afghan suicide blast
Rio airport workers strike on eve of FIFA World Cup
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
Gun battles in Central African capital create fresh panic
Pictures of the day: 7 August 2013
World unites for Mandela memorial
A day of rage in Bahrain
Lionel Richie is dancing on the ceiling.
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
'Judge at polls directs voters on Egypt constitution vote'
the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new laws.
A little boy is playing a keyboard.
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
A skier is falling into the snow.
Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election
US pledge to rebuild Haiti not being met
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
Israeli leader urges calm in Jerusalem
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
Germany welcomes Iran nuclear agreement
A woman is cutting a carrot.
A woman is peeling garlic.
A person is frying.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism.
A man is chopping butter into a container.
Salvador Dali painting snatched in NYC
A woman is cutting some vegetables.
The man set up his camera to take sunset pictures at the beach.
the spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin said russia recognizes the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council. 
A baseball player hitting the ball
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
Palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in Prague
China issues yellow alert for typhoon Kalmaegi
A girl is reading a newspaper.
Three dogs running through water.
Cars, drivers plunge into river after Wash. I-5 bridge collapse
Pak army adamant on fighting the other Taleban
A cat is pooping into a toilet.
Assad warns Turkey of 'heavy price' for backing Syrian rebels
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
Former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk dead at 91
A baby monkey scratches itself.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell was particularly virulent and replicated itself at the rate of 8000 times an hour. 
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
The black dog is running through the grass.
MERS respiratory illness found in U.S., officials confirm
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
Three dogs are playing in the water.
china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes.
Egypt increases security before pro-Morsi protests
Man sets self afire outside Breivik trial
Merkel: Russian actions could lead to a catastrophe
"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Carney sets high bar to changes at Bank of England
A black dog running in the snow.
A sheep stands on a hillside.
Al-Qaida says it captures 70 Yemeni soldiers in Abyan's battle
Stocks edge lower after earnings from retailers
The girl sat on the couch to crochet.
chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang was asked to respond to cheney's speech on china's military development.
French unemployment rate rises to 10 percent
"This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally," Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
A cat is jumping into a box.
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
A person is peeling an onion.
The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
A man is holding a leaf.
A woman puts ingredients in a whisked egg.
Rock Bands' Plane Makes Emergency Landing in Ill.
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
12 killed in Gaza in Israeli airstrikes
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
A woman is bathing into bath-tub.
A black poodle frolics in the snow.
A man is riding a bike.
Donna Summer, the queen of disco
U.S. closes embassy in Damascus due to Syria violence
Briton among dead in Kabul suicide attack
Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
A person is adding food in a pan.
You might not like the positions he holds, but atleast he has them.
Malaysia Airlines plane vanishes on flight to Beijing
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
Death toll in building collapse in south India mounts to 47
The lady cut up a green onion.
Palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in Prague
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
depending on which action furthers their lonny-tunes agenda.
Bangladesh: Fugitive Sentenced to Death by War Crimes Tribunal
A man jumps onto a short wall.
A man is spreading shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza.
Tony Abbott Sworn In As Australia PM
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
US tourist gang-raped in northern India: Police
YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
China quake: Death toll rises
Sheryl Crow says has benign brain tumor
Sarkozy to sue after Gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
Syria's Muslim Brotherhood faces uphill battle
"I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else," Parrish said.
Suspected US drone kills 6 militants in Yemen
An airplane is flying in the air.
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
India building collapse kills 14; dozens trapped
Bangla militants escape from prison van in bomb ambush
Syrian forces bombard Homs, Lavrov arrives for talks
A woman is swimming underwater.
The woman is cutting cooked octopus.
'Friends of Syria' in Doha talks on arming rebels
A kid plays the guitar.
Turkish PM Erdogan says "duty" to order crackdown on Istanbul park protest
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
A man ties his shoe.
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv
Washington pot shops prepare for historic sales
Nine Pakistani troops killed in militant ambush
Kerry meets Israeli leaders to push Mideast peace
Hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years
UK: 300 potential Savile abuse victims emerge
A panda dog is running on the road.
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."
U.S. has not concluded Syria used chemical weapons -White House
- I didnt say he planned on apprehending him.
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
I don't like many flavored drinks.
Can he really make mone from google ad sense.
Teenager in China kills 8, wounds 5 in knife attack
Hong Kong stocks end higher
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990. 
Two women make something in a blender.
a black and white cow standing in the field.
Two black dogs in the snow.
Russia gives initial approval to adoption ban
In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
Two large dogs running in some grass.
"I'm really excited about going to Cleveland," James told ESPN.com.
the cfe is a cornerstone of european security.
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
Stansted: Ryanair reports 13% rise in annual profits but warns of slower growth this year
A dog is looking around
A woman is peeling a potato.
Russia Warns It May Not Sign Landmark UN Arms Treaty
Opening ceremony gives Olympics a rocking start
3 Suspects Taken Into Custody in Boston Bombing Case
A man plays the drum.
Putin wins disputed Russian presidential election
Fallen US firefighters brought home
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
Syrian Arab Republic (the): More than 70 killed in Syria ahead of Annan return
Indian army kill 3 militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir
A man and two women dressed in costumes.
I said it wasn't a person, in the legal sense.
FAA continues ban on US flights to Tel Aviv
Egypt freezes Muslim Brotherhood funds
A man is playing a flute in a band.
A dog is opening a fridge.
hill is the head american negotiator on north korea's nuclear weapons program.
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
A boy is onstage playing the violin.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
A small kitten is playing a ball.
Turkey unrest: Unions call for strike over police crackdown
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghan Blast
I've never accused him of over-milligraming, nothing.
A woman is slicing a onion.
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.
A dog runs through the grass.
the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space. 
So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
Pope thanks public for joining his Syria vigil
Muslims prepare for start of Ramadan
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.
A boy cuts grass with scissors.
A man riding a small bicycle.
Ecuador President Correa says no decision made on Assange asylum
Tunisian opposition politician shot dead
Pakistan's Malala leaves hospital to await surgery
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
And I really liked him, and I still do.
Iran excluded from Syria peace talks: UN
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
many of the people executed are hanged in public.
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
A man is cutting cucumbers.
The California was a cargo ship.
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
A race horse galloping without a rider.
France confirms two French journalists killed in Mali
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
Chicago Shooting Shows Gap in Stepped-up Policing
A man removes food from a bag.
Mali rebels declare independent 'Azawad'
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
No healthy person needs gambling.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on April 5
The people threw the dummy over the cliff edge.
Israel attacks in Gaza Strip after rocket fire
from the year prior.
Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
A woman puts a garland over a man's shoulders.
Archbishop of Canterbury to step down amid rifts
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
EU lifts diamond sanctions against Zimbabwe
Bulgaria President Backs Protesters, Opposes Snap Elections
Six dogs walking beside the beach.
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
UN confirms sarin used in Syria attack
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
Friends of Syria recognizes opposition coalition as legitimate representative of Syrian people
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
Iran hopes nuclear talks will yield 'roadmap'
Why Cyprus backs Cameron's push for UK air strikes in Syria
North Korea warns foreigners in South to evacuate
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president
A man pours oil on some tomatos.
98 dead in Central African Republic after clashes
ozawa said that if japan rises to the occasion then japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power.
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line," said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
A man is slicing potato.
A group of people are marching in place.
President Obama warns Russia to stay out of Ukraine
UN resolution orders Syria chemical arms destroyed
the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty.
Monty Python to reunite on stage
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
The Face Of The Franchise: The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
He hasn't been funny in years.
US soldier accused of killing Afghan civilians identified
Algeria hostage crisis ends; death toll unclear
How exactly is Germany being 'punished' for the stupidity of WW?
A man is rowing a boat.
A man is putting anti-freeze into a car.
And a large part of the east coast.
Panetta: Afghanistan Tops NATO Conference Topics
Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
The man is pushing the van.
A person is surfing a large wave.
Putin sworn in as Russian growth falters
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
A small monkey walks through water.
A man and a woman kiss.
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
Indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in Bali
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
It's just a bunch of cells.
New US Sanctions Target Overseas Cyber Attackers
Syrian forces move to retake Aleppo
Microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs
A dog jumps over a chain.
A car parked in front of train tracks.
"Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results," Buell said.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
Egypt's main opposition rejects president's call for dialogue
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
Lance Armstrong confesses all to Oprah
The man used a chopper to chop the onion.
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
Officer injured in India anti-rape protests dies
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
A surfer is riding a wave.
A man sprays another man with water from a hose.
Police helicopter crashes on top of bar in Glasgow
Ashya King's parents freed from jail in Spain
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Bangkok
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas.
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
"I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law," he said.
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials
Train in a station.
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting
Three women are dancing.
Amnesty investigator: Syria rebels also committing abuses
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
Who abandoned 3 Boeing planes at the airport?
Syrian journalists killed in capital
People flip into a swimming pool.
India’s Modi promises tough stance against Pakistan
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
A tiger trys to climb the wall.
. Sinful people do not get to heaven.
Iran 'cautiously optimistic' about future nuclear talks
Gore Vidal dead at 86: Legendary author, playwright, and politician dies
Syria opposition pressed to attend talks
Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai attack
i don't want a president who 'cares'.
A man is slicing a leave.
The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.
A man is performing stunts.
Gang violence kills 16 in Venezuelan prison
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
You're such a bad person!"
Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes
Texas house provisionally approves abortion law
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.
Do you understand why it's absurd to limit the question to US residents?
The man is exercising.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
Obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants
A kangaroo is eating.
the soccer player kicked the ball side to side between his legs.
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
A woman is dancing on a stage.
Senate to vote on moving ahead on Hagel nod
A boy plays a handheld game.
Pope Benedict XVI departs Vatican for last time
A man is holding onto handles in the air.
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Google redesigns search results on PCs
A man is cutting a plantain.
You didn't mention PFA before that one post.
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
EU to train Mali army to fight northern Islamist militants
Afghan president approves new electon law
South Africans mark ailing Mandela's 95th birthday
A white airplane is parked on the cement.
A person is tearing paper.
Indian guru arrested on suspicion of rape
On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
"These are dark days for our industry," the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
NEGATIVE RECONNAISSANCE REQUIREMENTS.
More than 30 striking miners killed in South Africa
Italian journalist picked as presidential candidate
Ukraine will not give 'an inch' over Crimea
france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plans to sell to myanmar.
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
Egypt's Mubarak critical
Thai protesters disrupt advance voting
A man playing a video game in a store.
The man rode his motorcycle down the highway.
Zimmerman says that he was sucker punched by his car.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers in Nigeria kill 24
That would make you a sort of accessory, I think.
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
A woman in riding a brown horse.
Egypt launches new assault against Sinai militants
US closes embassy in Syria (AP)
Holly Holy We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
A bird is eating from a bowl.
2 Americans Killed as Afghan Unrest Enters Fifth Day
the united states said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations.
A man is cutting grass.
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
Polls open in Russian presidential election
Stars pay tribute to Cory Monteith
China's yuan weakens to 6.2767 against USD Thursday
US delays missile test as tensions rise
Do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall?
His "friends" say that he was confronted by his car.
A girl is putting on makeup.
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
Two teams are playing soccer.
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
the proliferation security initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction. 
Easy Rider Actress Karen Black Dies Of Cancer
In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan
Remarks With Prime Minister Elkeib After Their Meeting
A man is breaking pots.
A dog runs through the snow.
Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
A woman is lying in a raft.
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
Got some Heine and coors light i started it last night xanis.
Poll: Putin to win Russia presidential vote
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
not astros or orioles bad Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.
Egypt's opposition criticizes president's speech
A lion is playing with people.
Someone is mixing ingrediants.
the opposition japanese communist party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military. 
More than 30 striking miners killed
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
NATO: 4 aid workers rescued from Afghan insurgents
A woman is slicing a red pepper.
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.
Britons released after kidnapping in Egypt's Sinai -sources
No update on Nelson Mandela's condition
Romney names Ryan as running mate
Pope Benedict XVI Says Goodbye to Cardinals
4 killed in building collapse in southern India
A woman is slicing big pepper.
Originally Posted by objectivism Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
Pakistan-UN report reveals alarming levels of drug use
A dog is walking along the edge of a pool.
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Monday
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
Palestinian leadership backs Fatah-Hamas Doha deal
Saudi women drive in protest with little problem
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
A passenger jet sits on a runway.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
Ukraine‚Äôs pro-Russia protesters demand greater autonomy
A man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe.
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
U.N. to take up Syria resolution
4 dead after police standoff with gunman barricaded in US home
A woman is cutting a leak.
Forex & Gold 12 March 2013
A man plays a keyboard.
Tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
Part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion.
There is no more sperm cell.
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
n.r. mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft. 
Hushen 300 Index closes higher -- Oct. 14
DealBook: Stock Exchanges Prepare to Open
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
A woman is slicing a potato.
I don't think what she's saying is that controversial.
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city, 3 killed
A man is slicing cucumber with a knife.
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
Lance Armstrong confesses to doping in Oprah interview
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut
On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
Egypt Army Launches New Air Raids on Sinai Militants
Rupee down 8 paise vs dollar in early trade
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
Moscow protest against Vladimir Putin smaller and quieter
German parliament overwhelmingly backs Greek rescue deal
the international atomic energy agency plan draws out negotiations for many months.
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
13:23 PSNI 'failed RUC officer families'
there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency. 
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
------ ----------- What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?
British Christians take complaints to European court
A woman slices a lemon.
China sends carrier to South China Sea
Deadly clashes as Egypt marks anniversary
Ryanair reports record profits but warns growth likely to slow this year
Jonny Bairstow and Eoin Morgan shine for England in Mumbai
north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons. 
Anthony Weiner slips to fourth place in new poll
Hostage drama drags on after Alabama school bus shooting
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill
Israelis, Palestinians resume talks in US
China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4
What the Papers Say, Oct. 10, 2013
A man and a woman are smiling.
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
What the Papers Say, Nov. 20, 2013
Pakistan wants arms supply to Syrian sides stopped
Top Diplomats Meet in Munich at Critical Time
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government.
Two Palestinians Killed in an Israeli Air Strike on Gaza
I was going to the court believing I could do this, only if I played my best tennis.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
A squirrel runs in circles.
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
A person is slicing some meat.
Georgians vote for new president
I'll Have Another wins Preakness
the cfe limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building, transparency and cooperation between member states. 
A white cat stands on the floor.
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
A woman is cutting a tomato.
a dog napping under a small table.
Iranian President praises nuclear deal
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
Respectfully submitted, Steve I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.
A woman is slicing a carrot.
A man is folding paper.
What makes India vote? Jaipur Lit Fest debates
Gunmen Attack Hotel In Remote Pakistani Province
the international atomic energy agency reached an agreement with iranian officials that stated there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities. 
11 killed in Chinese police station attack
Singapore stocks close 0.4% higher
A man on a bike in mid-air
A man is talking on the phone.
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
At least 6 dead in Paris train crash
Fiscal cliff: House delays vote on fiscal cliff deal - live
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
Moscow protesters demand Vladimir Putin's resignation
8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan
A cat is playing with an antenna.
A girl sitting in a living chair.
nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences. 
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
Libya abruptly closes its borders with four countries
Egypt confirms Mubarak's PM back in presidency race
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility.
Democracy is a threat to liberty.
Homs offensive kills 200
A man is hugging someone.
Start of San Fermin bull-running festival briefly delayed as view obstructed by Basque flag
"Reloaded" is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
Afghan legislators approve new election law
Thousands more Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight
Syrian army retakes Crusader castle from rebels
ahmad is fighting extradition to the united states and lodged a formal complaint alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated the koran. 
Syrian forces kill 54 ahead of Annan peace mission
Singapore shares open higher on Thursday
Two men talking in front of a plane.
Neander's revised version"?
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
Putin spokesman: Doping charges appear unfounded
UK vote rejects military action
A small dog is chasing a yoga ball.
People are standing on an escalator moving up.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
A woman is slicing a leek.
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.
Blast kills 11 in northwestern Pakistan
Bangladesh Opposition Leader Sentenced to Death for War Crimes
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
Nelson Mandela hospital release reports 'incorrect'
Men are running a race.
A group of people in a living room.
russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian borders. 
switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with iran have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran's state gas firm. 
Car bomb in northern Syria kills at least 12
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
A woman is cutting some flowers.
The man is walking.
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.
A dog is running in the snow.
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
A group of people ride in a race
@Lustig Andrei, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?
Preston and England legend Tom Finney dies at 91
A man is playing a musical instrument.
Asian shares rally after string of upbeat data
Two kids playing with a dog.
A woman is ridint a horse.
German factory orders rebound in January
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
Swiss tourist gang-raped in India
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.
Pakistan court demands 'blasphemy' rampage answers
Corpses Of 53 Men Found South Of Baghdad
Three ice skaters round a corner.
We can't do it without you."
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar.
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
Greece bailout uncertainty weighs on global markets
A dog is barking at a toy.
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
A man pours gasoline.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
A man is assembling speaker parts.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
A man is lifting weights.
Two kids push an inflatable crocodile around in a pool.
U.S. Senate sets off gun control debate
It has never been ejaculated on as far as I know.
The Human Element You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?
Agribusiness: Mad cow disease found in California
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
Civilian, defector killed in Syria, says NGO
A white plane on the runway.
A man in a library is talking.
Two dogs play together on the bed.
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
Indonesians vote for president in tight race
Originally Posted by zaf I suppose the water in the middle makes a difference.
Japan defends dolphin hunt after US criticism
A man is riding a motorcycle.
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
Lebanese Gunmen Clash Over Syria Crisis
Bomb wounds 16 in eastern Afghanistan
Three teenage girls danced in the room.
A Dalmation runs along a beach.
France pledges military aid in Mali
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
pressing one does not "do" english.
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
A man is kicking a soccer ball.
Glee star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room in Canada
A child and two dogs play in the water.
Thus, Meta - System - atic Dialectic is Diachronico - Synchronic Dialectic.
A small child smiling at the camera.
8,000 Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight
Three dogs run through a field.
A kid is playing an instrument.
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
How would Martin not know that that was not the case?
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
Depends on how you define "extreme".
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
EU heaps new sanctions on Syria
Man charged with murder in flat
Obama lauds progress on gay rights in inaugural address
Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
A woman is cutting broccoli.
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
A woman is dicing a potato.
China stocks end higher on PMI at midday
south korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project.
Palestinian diplomat dies in Prague blast
A man lifts weights.
the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe.
Diana and Fayed death info received new The deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Al Fayed are being looked at again by police after they received information.
Then your confusion doesn't make me a liar either.
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
A woman is powdering her face.
Observatory says Russian air strikes kill 45 in Syria
A  man is dancing.
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
Could be a lot of things.
A man is using a laptop.
The turtle followed the fish.
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
Israel to release Palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks
Presidential vote polarises Egyptians
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
Mexico swears in president amid violent protests
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
officers have told me its bad for you.
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
Putin, Annan meet on Syria crisis
you have no remains of an A- at the pentagon.
kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan.
india and pakistan remain outside the treaty. 
Qatari emir hands power to son Tamim
A man is sitting on a rock.
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
AstraZeneca pays $4.1bn to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance
alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai.
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
in early may 2002 officials from the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence. 
A dog licks a baby.
Christie investigation heats up
tibet suspects chinese government of creating the virus to spy on tibetan exiles and the dalai lama. 
western countries' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarming.
Iran's Khamenei renews support for nuclear talks
At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
Originally Posted by anabelle What's wrong with that?
Another rocket hits Eshkol; no injuries
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
Three dogs swim in the water.
From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
Like this  year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime.
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
@Frank Apisa, Frank, I observe and perceive.
China to investigate EU wine exports
U.S. has determined Syria used chemical weapons
Bombings, clashes as Syria opposition seeks arms
Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.
Indian rape victim dies in Singapore hospital
2 Palestinians killed in Israeli airstrikes
Ryanair chief hails report findings
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
A man is petting a tied up dog.
Vatican embassy in Syria hit by mortar; no injuries
someone is slicing a vegetable.
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
A woman is peeling an apple.
Manning sentenced to 35 years in prison
A man and woman is dancing in the rain.
Texas sues over Syrian refugees
Argentina declares mourning for flood victims
Black and white cows behind a fence.
This is the Moloch scene.
A man and woman are talking.
A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside.
35 dead and 165 missing in India boat accident
Cuba's 'Ladies' to pick up EU prize 8 years late
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture.
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
100 killed in new Darfur tribal clashes
any woman that wants birth control can get it.
Turkey Raises Alarm Over Syrian Refugees
A big cat opens a plastic drawer with his paws and then hops inside.
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia's struggling transitional government stabilize somalia. 
UN team investigates Syrian massacre
Morsi supporters march in Egypt
Five killed by bomb blast in East India
This is rich coming from a conservative.
Egypt imposes state of emergency after 95 people killed
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
Bangladesh Muslims torch Buddhist shrines, police say
N.C. State Fair ride operator arrested after accident
A dog running through snow.
I don't see him as evil at all.
Egypt court bans Muslim Brotherhood 'activities'
A man is praying.
Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1 Year on Mars
A woman is riding her bicycle.
Australia spied on Indonesia president: reports
Security tightened at New Delhi churches after attacks
88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions. 
Torres finishes 4th, misses out on sixth Olympics
Five things to watch in the presidential debate
Romney chooses Ryan as GOP running mate
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
Pakistan PM for deeper economic ties with Sri Lanka
Many killed in Japan road tunnel collapse
A young girl is singing on a stage.
BTW he had appropriate deferments for the time.
Four more people arrested over Australia's largest illegal tobacco importation syndicate
Portugal-China to strengthen scientific research ties
North Korea reportedly test-fires short-range missiles
Britain set to deport of Abu Qatada
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
UN urges Syria gas attack inspection
ABVP protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, throw stones
Two Sumo ringers are fighting each other.
A boy takes off his sunglasses.
US Secretary of State John Kerry‚Äôs wife rushed to hospital
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
2 Indian traders stranded in China sent back home
Australia to scrap soaring national debt ceiling
Turkey scrambles jets to Syrian border
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
A woman splits garlic cloves.
North warns of retaliation for Seoul's naval drill plan
Atomic theory is not an opinion, not a belief.
A man is looking at a computer monitor.
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
Thai army declares martial law
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
Spain's jobless claims hit new high
Mixed Progress Reported in Fight Against Islamic State
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water.
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.
Russian meteorite leaves building gaping open
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
A man is climbing a wall.
A man is smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread.
Who cares about the Syrian people?
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
A living room with a dining table in the background.
A boy runs away from his fishing line.
Two buses parked on a street.
Egypt's interim president appoints 2 advisors
A couple posing for a picture on a couch.
Montenegrin police fire teargas to disperse opposition
Police fire tear gas at protesters
A young man is singing and playing the piano.
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity. 
Facing Bailout Tax, Cypriots Try to Get Cash Out of Banks
a black dog digging through the snow.
A man is dancing in rain.
Committee nears final big immigration decisions
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
A man breaks a slab of concrete that is lying on a prone man with a sledge hammer.
Uganda's President Museveni agrees to sign anti-gays Bill
Egypt launches offensive against Sinai insurgents
A person is performing a card trick.
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
A man is running on a street.
sheep standing in afield.
Parked white double decker bus.
A person is cutting  boiled egg into pieces.
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
Eight NATO Troops Killed In Afghanistan
A large group of people have formed a line outside.
Bangladesh factory owners arrested
The monkey pushed the other monkey.
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
12 killed, 25 injured in bomb blast in NW Pakistan
A man is playing a guitar and singing.
Genetic predisposition to Alzheimer is inferior genetics.
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
Satan represents indulgence instead of abstinence!
russia ratified the amended version of the treaty. 
Three men are playing guitars and singing together.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Oct 4
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
Taliban attacks kill 17 civilians in Afghanistan
A woman is writing.
india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas. 
The woman is waterskiing.
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.
A woman is adding sauce to some food.
Yellow boat on a beach.
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
A man is delivering a lecture at an event celebrating the game of cricket.
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
Afghans, US sign deal on night raids
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
Syria's besieged Baba Amr is deserted, Red Cross says
A man is dangling a mouse near a snake.
A man cuts up potatos.
A dog biting on a can.
China news agency: Still hope for Syria peace
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.
09:32 Putin signs off Crimea annexation
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife.
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
A sheep grazing in a field.
Iran nuclear talks expected to resume this week
A cheetah is running.
Dogs are swimming in a pool.
That just isn't how legal reasoning works.
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
Costa Concordia survivors detail experience one year later
4 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai ambush
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
A man is adding sliced vegetables to a cooking bowl with water.
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
A man is cutting a potato.
French Socialist Party wins parliament victory
A man is chopping a log with an axe.
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
It's official: Deal reached on "fiscal cliff"
29 people were convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china. 
A red, double-decker bus.
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes.
Stocks fall on third day of government shutdown
Iran says detects sabotage at nuclear facility
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
China activist Chen lands in US
ahmad lodged a formal complaint with the independent police complaints commission alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated ahmad's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by putting the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad's home.
The black dog is lying in the grass.
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
Singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
Stuart Hall Admits Sex Assaults On Children
A surfer on a wave.
Bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500
A man does floor exercises.
Nixon, Ford and Carter shut down the oilfields?
A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
Philippines, rebels reach wealth-sharing deal
If you want to buy $ billion in XYZ Inc. common stock, who cares?
Chinese president meets Indian vice president
Chavez set for more radiotherapy in Cuba
wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
russia ratified the amended treaty.
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
Hurricane Sandy powers toward Eastern Seaboard
The bird ate the food in the tree from a bowl.
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
A dog closes a refrigerator door.
Eurozone unemployment hits record high
this is NOT a war deployment.
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
They know that the video doesn't show a gas chamber.
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," they announced at a press conference yesterday.
Egypt court orders Mubarak freed
Two men in a running contest.
Discipline against student gunman thought to have sparked Colorado shooting
Kim Jong-un Executed His 'Worse Than a Dog' Uncle
Obama made last-minute decision on Syria approval
Saudi-led airstrikes hit Yemeni capital
A woman slices tofu.
Someone is slicing tortila's.
Obama pokes fun at critics during press dinner
Three bomb attacks kill six soldiers, one civilian
A man is slicing a line of water bottles with a knife
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
A woman is feeding an aardvark.
Atlas Shrugged It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.
"I was believing that I was confident I could do this, but only in the case I would play my best tennis.
Suspected Boko Haram attacks kill dozens in Nigeria
Israel called to account over latest settlement plans by European countries
zahedan is the capital of sistan-baluchestan province.
Syria's tenuous truce takes hold
France to ban child beauty pageants
A man is drawing a picture.
Zimmerman stopped for speeding in Texas, released with warning
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.
Greek Far-Right Leader Imprisoned Pending Trial
activists have stated that russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activity. 
Isaac drenches Haiti, heads toward Cuba, Florida
Poland president loses to challenger
Russia's Putin claims authority to invade Ukraine
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
Car bombs kill at least 49 in Iraq
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing.
orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk
a group of old men walking down the street
This is our country.
Russian warplanes strike inside Syria
Hamas senior denies Gaza, PA coordinated on peace talks
A man is playing a flute.
His position is the way it is currently.
A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo.
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
Dozens dead in Central African Republic fighting
Colorado wildfire destroys more than 90 homes as winds worsen
Female suicide bomber kills 16 at Russian station
North Korea deports detained US war veteran
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
A man is playing flute.
A couple holds a baby.
A nuclear weapon explodes in a desert.
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe. 
Washington's Acts of Congress sells for $9.8M
A man is pouring pasta onto a plate.
Houston Texans head coach Gary Kubiak hospitalized after collapsing at game
Insight: U.N. chief finds his voice, but remains cautious on China
Exit polls shows Putin ally wins Moscow vote, Navalny cries foul
Obama to refocus on economy in State of the Union
iraq's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government.
You're asking me to prove a negative?
A person is slicing octopus.
A man is singing into a microphone.
Sudanese police block protest at human rights commission
A boy is playing the piano.
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.
A man and a woman are riding on their bicycles.
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
Nato airstrike kills two Afghan kids
in a statement the british ministry of defense stated-- the agreement aims to establish wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism.
Ford didn't accept taxpayer money to save the company.
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden leaves Hong Kong on flight to Moscow
Volcano erupts in Indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed
The point is an unarmed child was murdered who was black.
New major earthquake rocks southwest Pakistan
The person is slicing cheese.
A cat is playing on the floor.
A man is laying on the ground shooting a rifle.
Three dogs running on a racetrack.
Lionel Ritchie dances while standing on the ceiling.
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
Mobster "Whitey" Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years
some officials stated the task would be difficult for asean members because of varied legal and political systems.
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
Peaceful anti-G8 protest held in Belfast
No healthy person needs sex.
Former CIA officer sentenced to 30 months in prison for info leak
US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief
A man looks out the window.
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
Stocks soar on Wall St lead
I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
The woman is peeling shrimp.
A rhino is grazing in a field.
The dog walked along the edge of the pool.
Aid workers freed in Afghanistan raid
UN warns of plight of women, children in Syria's Homs
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
Someone is playing with a toad.
Space legend Neil Armstrong dies
Syria’s chemical weapons could end up at sea
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
The point is an unarmed child was murdered.
So, I am dropping, for now, asking you the question: " Where ' s the Marx " ?
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
A woman is slicing mango.
The boy is playing the piano.
12 Dead, Despite Cease-fire in East Ukraine
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Moderate tremor in the Central Mediterranean
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.
A man walks down a staircase.
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Dozens killed in Nigerian riots
Tech sell-off sends Asian stock markets lower
Colourful support at World Cup in Brazil
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
Soldier 'can't recall' massacre
New glories for China in striving for renewal
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so," chief executive Marce Fuller said.
Iron Dome intercepts 17 rockets
Rupee up 22 paise against dollar in early trade
Johnson re-elected London mayor
A woman seated is singing a song and playing the guitar too.
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.
Should I just wait it out and see how it goes?
Transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of South Korean ferry
Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants, state media reports
Typhoon Bopha kills 15 in S. Philippines
I think you are missing the point with entrepreneurs.
Court upholds death sentences for Mekong murderers
An orangutan is riding a bus.
the cfe treaty does not duly protect the russian federation's security interests.
Yes, it's about dilution.
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically known as a self-defense force.
NATO Soldier Killed In Afghan Attack
Someone is slicing an onion.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
A boy is running in front of fish hanging on fishing rod.
iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visited cuba. 
Ten killed in new blast in Russia
Gas cylinder blast on Pakistan school bus kills 17
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.
Gunmen kill 3 Lebanese troops near Syria
Death toll in Syria over 100,000 so far
Hawaii bracing as first hurricane in 22 years approaches
And you didn't have to.
And parts of the west coast.
Syrian rebels skeptical of chemical weapons deal
Al-Shater to run in presidential election in Egypt
Beef burger mix recalled over salmonella concerns
Searchers hoping pings come from lost Malaysian airliner
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
Nigel Farage calls on Government to let Syrian refugees into UK
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
Top Asian News 1:25 p.m. GMT
Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
Australia can eclipse England in Windies
Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
estonian officials stated that some of the cyber attacks that caused estonian government websites to shut down temporarily came from computers in the administration of russia including in the office of president vladimir putin. 
Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY
Foreign exchange rates in India
Mandela in Hospital for 3rd Day
North Korean intrigue: The execution of power
That's what the historical record shows.
Dolce and Gabbana convicted of tax evasion
A woman is adding oil on fishes.
A close up of an ostrich face.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Nov 21
World powers, Iran under Rouhani revive nuclear talks
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
A cook seasons some dough.
"But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm."
The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
A woman is chopping broccoli.
S As you wish: Do you see Hitler killing Jews?
Griff Rhys Jones: Mel Smith was 'a force for life'
Debt inspectors reach agreement with Greece
Tokyo shares open higher tracing U.S. gains
7 killed, 3 injured in south China road accident
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.
A person checks some rice pudding.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
Snowden thanks Russia for granting asylum
Stars pay tribute to James Garner
Lewis Hamilton wins inaugural Russian GP
Gusmao powers on in East Timor
Egypt braces for 'Friday of anger' after carnage
Syria must destroy chemical weapons
Warren David Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, did not return as expected on Tuesday from climbing on Mt D'Archiac in the McKenzie District.
Israeli teens missing in West Bank
Syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in Damascus
A man is buttering a piece of bread.
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.
Putin sworn in as Russian president
Shankill blast victims to be remembered
Maldives holds fresh election for president
A man picking up a big rock.
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
German ambassador's Athens residence shot at
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.
A brown dog is laying in the snow.
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
A group of horses grazing in a field.
Israel approves release of first group of Palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks
The woman is dicing onions.
Southwest flights delayed, canceled after computer glitch
A man played the piano.
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
U.S. retailers agree to Bangladesh plant safety pact
A man is slicing onion.
Blast kills nine in southern Afghanistan: officials
One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
Japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from US
china is north korea's closest ally. 
"I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California," Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
at un assembly chinese government urges increased efforts toward global arms control and disarmament.
Nelson Mandela Goes Home After Hospital Stay
A large boat in the water at the marina.
Israeli troops kill Palestinian in West Bank raid
A young boy sings and plays a guitar.
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
Egypt sentences Al Jazeera journalists to jail
A man is peeling a banana.
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
A man is playing guitar.
Officials: Gaza man killed in Israeli airstrike (AP)
Man and woman found dead in Essex hotel swimming pool
I don't have a proposed model.
Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance, says mother
Voracek with the goal.
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race. 
A rat is running.
74 dead in Egypt soccer violence
People are walking in the garden.
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
East Timor votes in presidential election
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.
Court in Bahrain rejects medics' last rally appeal
6.3-magnitude earthquake hits Taiwan
Rep. of Congo: 236 Dead After Arms Depot Blasts
9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa
the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute. 
Or this one by Jim Croce We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Whistleblower Edward Snowden flies to Moscow
investigators claim the british company was a cia cover. 
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
A little boy plays with a toy phone.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
A man is cutting up a potato.
A panda is sliding down a slide.
A line outside of a bookstore on a street.
Negotiators reach deal on Congress payroll tax cut bill
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
"Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough," Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
Obama declares health care law is working
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
Two dogs in a stream.
Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
China stocks end lower Thursday
Zimbabwe‚Äôs opposition MDC party challenges Robert Mugabe‚Äôs election win
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.
You might not like Obamas views, but he has them.
Greece to vote on 2013 budget
According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Police fire teargas on Venezuelan vote protesters
European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.
Palestinians, Israeli police clash at Jerusalem's al-Aqsa
A kitten is playing with a ball.
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
First case of MERS, a SARS-like respiratory illness, reported in North America
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
Cows grazing in a snow covered field.
A man talks on his cell phone.
Three men are playing chess.
WA man arrested in police drug raid
The government does not determine if you are married or not.
A man is cutting a boot with a sword.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
13 children die in fire Myanmar mosque fire
Jagan Reddy shifted to hospital, power crisis continues in Seemandhra
A golden dog is running on the grass.
. Satan represents vengeance instead of turning the other cheek!
50th anniversary of JFK's death remembered
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
Iran nuclear talks start in Geneva
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
A woman is mixing a cream in a glass with a spoon.
Egypt's Coptic Church Prepares to Choose Pope
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.
The man added seasoning to water in a bowl.
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's enrichment-related, reprocessing or heavy water-related activities. 
U.S. judge approves force-feeding Californian inmates on hunger strik
Australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner catches fire; stock takes a beating
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
Muslims torch Buddhist temples
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
Russia warns it will respond if interests attacked in Ukraine
A small red car on top of a semi truck.
Clinton a tough act for Obama to follow
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
A dog digging in the sand.
A woman is adding oil to a dish.
the osce meeting lasted two days. 
US soldier kills up to 16 civilians in Afghanistan
Putin to win Russia's presidential election
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
A dog is watching a store counter.
The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
Thoughts on race relations under a black president
governance institutions have been ineffective for a long time in somalia.
Syrian civil war peace talks at risk from Iran invitation
Queen to name biggest ever carrier
At least two killed in southern Egypt clash
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
zahedan is a city in southeastern 
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
U.S. Supreme Court issues split ruling on Arizona immigration law
US Pledge to Rebuild Haiti Not Being Met
Stock index futures signal early losses
China's 1st Pilot Free Trade Zone Opens
Do you see Obama calling for Cut, Cap and Balance?
The physical evidence does not support your claim.
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of 
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
A train on the train tracks.
The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
Suicide bomber targets Nigerian church
the accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities.
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
"I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War," she said.
What was the "answer" in Chicago?
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
Syria talks agree military aid to rebels
china is a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council. 
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
Iran, atomic agency in first talks since Rowhani election
Death toll rises as Kenya mall siege continues
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Russia warns against setting preconditions for Syria
officials in estonia including prime minister andrus ansip have claimed that some of the cyber attacks came from russian government computers including computers in the office of russian president vladimir putin.
"At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken," said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
tirana is the capital of 
A man is eating a bowl of cereal.
Black train idle on the tracks.
13 kurds from turkey were arrested near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan workers' party (pkk). 
A black dog jumps through the water.
Hi Eots: YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
US school bans hugging
A woman is playing the violin.
berlin will host top-level meetings in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional forces in europe (cfe). 
Young boys running along the pavement.
Obama addresses Secret Service scandal
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
"I notice a mood change in their priorities," one politician said.
occupied Palestinian territory: Palestinians Face a Route to Nowhere
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Several cardinals stand in the snow.
The man is eating pizza.
China court sentences Bo Xilai to life imprisonment for corruption
And that's why you're yelling at me and refusing to answer my questions?
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
Boy laying on couch with dog.
British Soldier Killed In Afghanistan
Mandela released from hospital
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
The new study does not support your claim.
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
Obama encourages Boy Scouts to end ban on gays
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
Prince Charles 'compares Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler'
What is the nuclear option?
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
Santorum's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized
The woman is playing the violin.
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
h and i both read the books and thought the movie moved so quickly.
Deaf customers sue Starbucks, say they're mocked
DreamTech never been ejaculated on as far as I know.
Boko Haram disrupts Nigerian elections
Greek militant group claims responsibility for Golden Dawn killings
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
"It has outraged the membership," said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
A cat is trying to touch a dog.
Quartet calls on Israelis, Palestinians to end irritants
In a case in August, a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS.
Palestinians: We Don't Want Kerry Mission to Fail
Suicide bombers attack Yemen military posts
Middle East: Iraq: 17 Prisoners Escape in Kirkuk
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
Asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of US debt deal
Slutstamp! A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
Son of Chinese army singers gets 10 years' jail for gang rape
Obama coming 'to listen' to Israel, Palestinians
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop.
Two Santa trackers competing this Christmas
A boy is pouring something from a pitcher.
49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
Israel releases 26 more Palestinian prisoners
Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan
in early may 2002 the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence.
Ehud Olmert sentenced to six years in Israel
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
Someone is pouring tomato sauce into a pot of meat.
China on high alert for typhoon Kalmaegi
Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial
Microsoft's Surface a big bet on future: Analysts
"Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud," prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe. 
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
UN Security Council slams deadly terrorist attack in Kenyan capital
Secret Service sex scandal 'regret'
the official stated that this was a complete technology transfer.
Andy Murray deserves knighthood, David Cameron says
At least 6 dead in Canada bus, train crash
Syria rebels attack Lebanese post near border: army
The man is riding a horse.
bam is a city in southeastern
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
Two little boys are playing on a playground.
A child sits in a large black leather chair.
Assange to appeal extradition to UK's top court
Syrian fighter pilot defects to Jordan
37 killed in bus crash in Italy
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
Brief clashes with police in Belfast
China Premier Li rejects 'groundless' US hacking accusations
putin announced that the cfe treaty does not duly protect russia's security interests. 
US presidential election 2012
Suicide bomber kills 14 in Afghanistan
6.0-magnitude quake hits Greece -- USGS
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
Three no votes would kill it for now.
First post office savings bank ATM opens in Chennai
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage.
Romney to tap Ryan as vice presidential running mate
A woman is flouring and rolling dough.
A man is riding a horse and jumping over obstacles.
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
Austrian man charged after 56 human skulls are found at his home
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.
Israel Launches Ground Offensive In Gaza
A boy is running on a beach.
Pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 TV channels
Death toll rises to 12 in Indonesia mine collapse
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl.
Yeah, I don't think this is that controversial either.
Double Jeopardy actually enforces a jury nullification.
US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal
A woman is dancing with other women.
Polls open across France in presidential election
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
A woman is slicing potatoes.
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
D.C. Votes to Decriminalize Marijuana
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
Strong earthquake strikes near Acapulco
A helicopter lands.
A man is shooting a pistol.
Still refusing to answer my questions?
Hi Ollie: That is absolutely amazing.
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
kashmir is divided between india and pakistan. 
4 killed, several injured in SW China car accident
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
Man dies in Co Donegal house fire
Owner arrested as Bangladesh building toll reaches 372
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dies
US sprinter Tyson Gay tests positive for banned substance
A man is breaking water jugs.
Egypt Crackdown Draws Condemnation
Some men are sawing.
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.
Sri Lanka's Tamils Vote for Greater Autonomy
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
A young child rides a horse.
Iran nuclear experts, world powers to resume talks next week
A man is cutting a paper plate.
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
This breaks the daily record of  set in .
Israel agrees to extend Gaza truce by four hours
Ban to review Syria chemical arms accord
A black dog standing in a field.
amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism.
Chavez heir Maduro wins Venezuela's presidency
5.5-magnitude quake hits off Taiwan
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
A baby is talking.
A tied man is putting into water.
Iran's Parliament Questions A Dismissive Ahmadinejad
Death toll rises to 39 in Italy coach crash
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side while on its back.
How many passengers said they saw an iceberg?
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
That's not the Moloch scene, though.
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
@Cyracuz, What you want to call it is up to you.
Women testify at Air Force instructor's sentencing
U.S. Senate set to vote on gun control bill
I don't see Obama as the lesser of two evils.
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
A woman is riding a horse on a beach.
March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.
the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful. 
HSE boss defends medical-card plan
Three dogs run in the snow.
A dog is jumping on a trampoline.
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
If they were Catholics, I would call them Catholics.
Alright just got in.
Syria peace dashed as deadline passes
Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
23 killed in Iraq car bombings
"I was in the water for about eight seconds.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
May Day marked by protests against austerity cuts
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
A man rides a water toy in the water.
18 trapped in Russian coal mine blast
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.
A woman rides an elephant in front of an adoring crowd.
Religion that does that I have a problem with.
5.9 quake hits Indonesia s Sumatra: USGS
A man is kick boxing with a trainer.
Middle East: Israel: Hamas Leader Convicted
A dog is laying on the floor.
Deadly Blast Rocks Coal Mine in East Ukraine
A man is chopping coriander leaf.
Tunisia lifts curfew after riots
Girls are walking on the stage.
John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.
Four seriously injured in M23 motorway crash
Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title
A cartoon woman dives into a pool.
A man  is driving a car.
"The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead."
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
Thai protesters besiege more ministries
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.
Turkey unrest goes on despite end to park protest
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
Pakistani Plane Crashes With 130 People On Board
Clashes as Greeks protest against more cutbacks
8 dead, 11 missing in SW China landslide
The e-mails - Oil firm asked trader about meeting with minister
6.8 quake strikes off Solomon Islands
Death toll in Nigeria police attack rises to 30
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
A cat is licking himself.
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
A boy is playing a piano.
A man is playing with frogs
5 Things to Know About the Sochi Olympics
Polls open in France for presidential election
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
Forex &amp; Gold 6 March 2013
Supreme Court takes on affirmative action in Michigan ban case
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
"But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali."
5 killed in S China road cave-in
a bird lands in the water.
Merkel pledges NATO solidarity with Latvia
A man puts pieces of meat into a plastic bag.
US stocks retreat on manufacturing data
A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
Kerry: No deal yet in nuclear talks with Iran
the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking. 
A train is running down the track in a rural area.
Men and women are different yes?
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
Egypt's interior minister survives bomb attack
Tornadoes rip through Midwest, killing 6 and devastating neighborhoods
Where in the world is the MEDIA??
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.
Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
A man is slicing vegetables.
Or the  year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers.
bae systems is the uk's largest military
The men are fighting each other.
Soccer Ref Punched by Player Dies
Israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
French set for Mali ground combat
Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
A man and a woman looking at the camera.
That's what the data available shows.
A young girl makes her bed.
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.
Syrian prime minister 'survives assassination attempt'
We were talking about women as war bounty were we not?
Syrian rebels claim responsibility for killings in Lebanon
Two puppies play in the grass
A man is writing on a paper.
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
Asiana Air Boeing 777 crash lands at San Francisco airport
A group of girls on a beach.
Syrian forces storm central town
A dog in the snow.
Teenagers among 5 dead in Belgian bus crash
Egypt: Egypt crackdown sparks global outrage
the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences.
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
U.S. drone mistakenly kills 14 in Yemen wedding convoy
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
Someone is pouring ingrediants into a pot.
South Korea Says North Fired Missiles
All 224 dead in Russian airliner mystery crash
Tech Sector Heats Up: Google and IBM Post Strong Earnings
A dog is rolling from side to side.
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
Mandela Discharged From Hospital
South Africa's rugby fraternity mourns Mandela
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.
The woman is thinly slicing a cucumber.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
A New iPad Is Coming
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
A monkey is swinging from limb to limb.
Winter Storm Ion: State-By-State...
The little girl played on the grass with a dog and a ball.
Red Fox standing by.
A car backs out of a space.
Taliban bombs US base in Afghanistan
Bone fragment 'could be King Alfred'
US House backs new sanctions before Iran inauguration
Iran ends cooperation agreement with Pakistan
A man is cutting tomatoes.
N Korea to halt work at joint industrial zone
Google Unveils Prototype Self-Driving Car
A man is cutting and onion.
Mumbai Indians puts T&T in its place
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
A woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing.
Minn. terminal reopens after evacuation
And the simple fact today?
Romney wins Illinois primary
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
He said at EVERY level.
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
Mother arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after dog kills daughter
Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat to end sit-ins
How wind farm developers 'use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'
1 dead, 4 wounded in Ohio school shooting
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
A man is pouring oil into a skillet.
Red sports car racing down track.
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
The black dog is running through the snow.
Palestinians clash with Israeli forces in West Bank, Jerusalem
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
North Korea shoots 2 rockets
UN chief presses for major boost in Syrian aid
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.
The man is drawing.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.
That's what I find curious.
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
US gov't officially designates Haqqani network as terrorists
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program.
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
A train parked at a train station.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
Taliban pose as 'attractive women, on Facebook for spying
Russia tells Syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable
north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project.
A man is riding a horse.
Facebook earnings jump 63% as mobile ads accelerate
A man is slicing bread.
Some people are singing.
AP Source: Redskins to trade for No. 2 pick
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
All eyes on Khurshid‚Äôs trip ...
Suicide Bombs Hit Egypt Military in Sinai, Kill 6
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
SpaceX Dragon Docks With International Space Station
The woman is shooting a machine gun.
Some men are playing soccer.
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times.
I'd offer Iran a deal.
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty. 
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants. 
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
Ankara protesters clash with police
A boy is doing push ups.
His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
Man, 40, arrested after shooting
a train in a station.
The elephants sprayed water on themselves.
Chinese premier meets Indian vice president
Obama's poll rating drops in boost for Republican rivals
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
Nelson Mandela taken to hospital
There is no more egg cell post-fertilization.
Air strikes kills dozens in northern Syria
Transcript Reveals Confusion Over Ferry Evacuation
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
Nigeria police make arrests after college massacre
Fish are swimming.
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
A woman tosses a cat in the air, and the cat hangs off a rod on the ceiling.
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
Toyland by Johnny Mathis We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
"What they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away.
Proverbs  John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.
If I owe you , dollars, I have a problem.
Insiders Reveal 2012 Election Secrets
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue
Rimsha Masih released on bail
myanmar is a military state. 
California governor declares drought emergency
Usain Bolt wins 200m – Steven Howard reaction
IDF to deploy Iron Dome in Central Israel
Iran rejects MKO claim on nuclear site
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
Other people have no confidence at all in teh people running these institutions.
Israeli delegation marches in 2012 Olympics opener
A woman is brushing some shrimp.
Iran may cut oil exports to more EU states
Floods kill two, forces 75,000 from Calgary homes
Lara plans visit to Nepal
How many threads do you plan on making?
a hp/detijd journalist learned about tno's chemical weapons experiments from the defense ministry's archives.
wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges. 
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
Man sets himself on fire at Breivik trial
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
India‚Äôs march to Mars
Apple revenue misses again, iPhone disappoints
A plane flying near the sunset.
EU extends sanctions against Russia
Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
A woman is doing ballet.
Fundimental difference, please?
A dog opens a can of food.
A boy is playing with a toy.
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."
Flooding in Canada forces evacuation of another city
World's oldest ever man dies aged 116
A woman dips a shrimp in batter.
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
A black dog digs in the snow.
Stocks to watch at close on Monday
Italian fugitive arrested in Dominican Republic
Palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
AstraZeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $4.1 billion
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
American investigators waiting to question arrested Boston bomber
Sail boat floating on the blue water.
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
Fitch restores Ford credit to investment grade
A woman is stirring rice in a pot.
Man, 19, quizzed over teen murder
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
north korea is a reclusive state.
Mediator apologizes to Syrians for lack of peace progress
China army newspaper slams US's PRISM program
A cat is drinking some water.
It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing.
Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
Swiss vote on highest minimum wage
A woman is slicing pumpkin.
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
Five foreigners sentenced to death for drug smuggling in Egypt
A woman cuts up a vegetable.
A dog leaping over a chain.
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
Egypt's Brotherhood as Beleaguered as Its Leader
Four people are floating on a raft.
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
The cat is drinking milk.
5 hurt in Gaza City car accident
Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
Severe Gales As Storm Clodagh Hits Britain
Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood
Someone is cracking an egg open.
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
02:41 156 killed in China earthquake
Why are you talking about women within the Hebrew tribes?
A dog runs in the snow.
US Flying Surveillance Missions to Help Find Kidnapped Nigerian Girls
An air plane is taking off.
Suspected drug lord known as ‘El Taliban’ held in Mexico
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
6 dead, 33 hurt in Cotabato blast
US Senator Ted Cruz to announce presidential bid
The men are performing on stage.
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
A man is playing an electronic keyboard.
Two children in a field of red flowers.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
A woman puts rice into a pan.
Israelis, Palestinians begin talks
A man and woman are walking together through the woods.
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society. 
Mandela hospitalized, responding to treatment
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
N Korea 'fires 100 shells' into the sea
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
Ten rockets from Gaza land in southern Israel; none hurt
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
Islamists still holding some 30 hostages as Kenya mall standoff continues
Woman dies after cliff collapses in Dorset
the deal has been in process for several years. 
Spain Princess Testifies in Historic Fraud Probe
A band is performing on a stage.
Red double decker bus.
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell has a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm named sq hell is slowing down the poste italiane computer network and making some computers inoperable.
Two dogs bound across the grass.
arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from southeast asia. 
Clinton returns to work, plans to testify on Benghazi attack
Australia cuts interest rate to record low 2.75%
Malawi's new president sworn in after disputed elections
Mexico has ZERO claim to California.
China's Xi tells Vietnam wants peace in South China Sea
A woman is putting gel on her hair.
Islamists attack north Mali city after suicide bombings
A girl is slicing a butter into two pieces.
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
Kevin Rudd sworn in as Australian prime minister
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
Six rescued after boat capsizes in Dublin Bay
Sinai car bomb kills at least 10 Egyptian soldiers
Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel. 
The white airplane is flying in the sky.
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
Syrian govt wont stop attacks
vietnam has among the world's strictest drug laws. 
A man is carrying someone on his shoulder.
Turkish Search Ends as Last Missing Miners Found
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
Japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
What's my opinion regarding the series?
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
"Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer," it said.
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
Obama in ‚Äėdirect‚Äô confrontation with Putin on Ukraine
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
A woman is cooking something.
wi sung-lac refused to give any details about the north korean nuclear reactor project. 
Smiling man with reflective classes.
US stocks fall as Greek talks lumber; Apple falls
Cars plunge into river as US bridge collapses
Sure, it is possible his home was affected, but not the school.
myanmar was formerly known as burma. 
EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years
Earthquake of 6 magnitude strikes Thailand
A brown dog wades in the water.
Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
India and China troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.
Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
Nigerian MP charged with accepting $3m bribe
the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial.
Sylvester Stalloneâ€™s son, Sage Stallone, found dead in Hol
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
The problem is simpler than that.
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe.
Pro-Palestinian Activists March to UN Headquarters
a boy swinging on a swing.
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
China rocked by twin earthquakes
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
Microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul
No Thatcherite can ever call themselves a libertarian.
"Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.
The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
A man and woman are walking.
Cone threw an  game.
A man and woman is eating.
See that makes no sense.
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
Warmer , almost certainly a record.
China yuan strengthens to 6.1070 against USD Friday
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
A kid plays with a toy phone.
a spokesman for stockwell day was not immediately available for 
You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?
russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction.
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.
Iranian president calls for new nuclear talks
Japan's opposition party chief criticizes Abe's economic policies
US State Department faulted over Benghazi
Pictures show completed Costa Concordia operation
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
Storm lashes Florida, delaying Republican convention
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
Former England great Tom Finney dies at 91
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
antonov spoke the day before a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty.
Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court.
A man is singing while walking down the sidewalk.
FBI audio expert testifies in Zimmerman trial
Men in China detained after taking girls to hotel
The puppy played with a blue tennis ball.
Iran: Moderate candidate wins presidential vote
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
Egypt strongly opposes military action against Syria
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
GE posts 9% profit drop for third quarter
Suicide bomber kills 3 at US base in Afghanistan
the agreement aimed to establish a wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism. 
India starts voting in world's largest election
Singapore shares open lower on Monday
Israel among top arms exporters and importers
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
A person is descaling a fish.
neighboring kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years.
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
Kuwait: Activists storm Syrian embassy; two injured
% How much money does PP take in for abortion services?
A woman is slicing a pepper.
china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
Radio: Israel set to increase Palestinian prisoner release
in an armed clash iranian police kill 4 alleged drug traffickers, arrest 2, and seize nearly 5 metric tons of opium and morphine. 
A herd of caribou are crossing a road.
A man folds a tortilla.
Stocks rise in early trading
"But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."
"Our outcomes are very encouraging," George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
The monkey swung from branch to branch.
New sex claim hits Secret Service
The UK population is just over  million.
Red double decker bus with hood open.
When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.
Obama To Meet Embattled Veterans Secretary
Said Mr. Burke: "It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances."
Egypt presidential election results delayed
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
Romney, Paul vie for Maine caucus win
iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism.
6 killed, 12 injured in blast in NW Pakista
Turkey seeks to relocate some Syrian refugees
U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
Two men are talking.
Iraq army claims victory in Tikrit
according to court documents -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in singapore.
It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
"In  it was a mental illness, now what are they teaching you?"
Boy Scouts delay decision on admitting gays
Let's let this play out in court.
A lion is walking.
That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
US Marines killed in base attack
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
The white dog runs through the ocean.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
Arab League welcomes US-Russian deal on Syria
You should put scientists on a pedestal.
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
NATO Condemns Syria's Downing of Turkish Military Jet
Kerry pursuing 'quiet strategy' in Mideast peace process
On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
A cat looking out of a window.
Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
European Ministers Are Poised to Approve Greek Rescue
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
A cat opens a drawer and climbs inside.
A man is draining pasta.
Was Ted Bundy a partial psychopath?
A man is feeding a mice to a snake.
A dog is running through water.
In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
Two women in a clothing store.
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
Pistorius officer on attempted murder charges
The man spanked the other man with a stick.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said.
Five birds stand on the snow.
tin foil hat for the sarg, what size do u wear?
Your good friend Mitt.
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launching site in the Gobi Desert.
Breivik gets 21-year sentence
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
Bailout terms prompt run on Cyprus banks
the ecuadorian foreign ministry said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons (opaq) will also take part in the meeting.
A blue train in a mountainous area.
A person is throwing a cat on to the ceiling.
[Ticker] Fitch upgrades Greek credit rating
President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
A panda bear is laying down.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
Iran and world powers set for nuclear talks
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
China yuan weakens to 6.1510 against USD
Mandela remains in hospital
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
Egypt shuts down Muslim Brotherhood newspaper
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
Philip leaves hospital after 11 days
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
Storm delays start of Republican convention
slanted blogs And when did I do that?
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
Your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today.
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
Two white cows in a green pasture.
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
Russia unveils $25bn oil link to Pacific
One NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan
Top Asian News at 4:00 p.m. GMT
BBC veteran Hall admits child sex abuse
many of those executed in iran are hanged in public. 
Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.
u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces.
Man standing in front of silver train.
When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
Fight for Mali Town Reflects Islamist Tactics
Amazon launches new device for streaming video
If I'm angry, it will show up in one of those scans..
Destruction of Syria's Chemical Weapons Could Prove Difficult
Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.
Russians rally support for Orthodox church over Pussy Riot controversy
do you have anything to make it less compelling or not?
Deal reached on new Italian government
Mali's President Formally Resigns
U.N. concerned at possible Syria chemical weapons
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
A woman holding a newspaper.
A woman is slicing cucumber.
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
The man is singing and playing the guitar.
A girl riding on a brown and white horse.
Pope urges action on climate change in draft encyclical
A woman is dancing in a cage.
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Set for Mass March
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
Tens of thousands rally against Putin's rule (AP)
Four men admit London bombs plot
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.
Libyans transfer weapons to army
Bangladesh court sentences first lawmaker to death for war crimes
A man pours oil into a pot.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
The new study shows that the Titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo.
Drug lord captured by marines in Mexico
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia. 
India's Anti-Graft Party Forms Government in Delhi
Kosovo: 3 get jail time in organ trafficking case
A man and a woman are walking in the woods.
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
A cat is playing keyboards.
A black dog is staring at a sheep.
A person is cutting an onion into pieces.
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
Malaysia's long-ruling coalition hangs on to power
Kremlin: Putin yet to decide on using Russian troops in Ukraine
The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.
Five million citizens get unofficial salary in Ukraine
Workers protest after Bangladesh building collapse
Russian air force's 100th anniversary
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
One boy is talking with other man.
Tsunami warning issued for southern Alaska
David Beckham retires from football
A man plays a trumpet.
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
Record-setting Southwest heat wave turns fatal
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
Is it possible his home was affected and the school was not?
A person is playing a piano.
A man is cutting an onion.
New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
Obama to meet families of shooting victims
Animals are playing in water.
Second Islamist hunger striker dies in a Tunisian prison
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.
DR Congo rebels kill park rangers
Thanks Candy for starting the thread.
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
Then he is malevolent.
Two killed in Bahrain car explosion
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
iran is an islamic republic .
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.
Black train on train tracks.
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
A man is dancing outside.
Bradley Manning-WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
Fire in Beijing kills ten
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
A panda slides down a slide.
A man is speaking on a stage.
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
Originally Posted by Odins eye .Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.
A man is taking pictures of ant.
A woman is peeling potato.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
At least two Nato killed in Afghanistan helicopter crash: military
and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
A girl is tapping her finger nails.
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
@Lustig Andrei, Thank you, Lustig.
Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
A woman is slicing a cucumber.
A cat rapidly swats a kid in the head.
You are a girl douche.
nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.
The cat shimmied under the bed.
Glasgow Helicopter Crash: Woman PC Is Victim
Man arrested after police officer shot in Leeds
A woman peels a potato.
A baby tiger is playing with a ball.
Lance Armstrong plots strategy after loss of titles
The dog ran in the water at the beach.
police stated tsai wen-huang would be extradited to taiwan. 
Iraqi Bomb Attacks Kill At Least 13
General Electric posts 9% profit drop for third quarter
Two people flipped tractor tires in a race.
What conviction where you talking about before?
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
Radical Islamists in Mali enlist new militia
Choc powder recalled over salmonella concerns
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.
suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore.
Piers Morgan questioned by police
Someone is playing a piano.
Four black dogs run across the grass.
That's simple logic If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.
5.0-magnitude quake jolts Japan
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo.
DICKSHOT Matt Holliday owns.
Brazil tied 2-2 by England as Maracana re-opens
Originally Posted by eleanor.ellis
A baby holds a ketchup packet.
California governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn
Opinions are different.
At Least 47 Killed In Baquba Blasts
Iraq suicide bomber kills at least 12
A man is riding a bicycle around a parking lot.
Capital gains, top rate:  percent.
A large sheep standing on a hill.
The man poured oil on the cut tomatoes.
A woman is mixing meat.
Waqar Younis back as Pakistan coach
Afghan District Governor Defects To Taliban
Pakistan releases seven Afghan Taliban fighters
A sheep standing in a forest.
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
Syrian regime denies role in Houla massacre
Bradley Cooper and JJ Abrams in talks about filming a Lance Armstrong biopic
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
Sony reports record annual loss
If you want to buy a house or a SUV, again, who cares?
Zimbabwe: Mugabe declared winner in disputed vote
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Paul doesn't have a shot.
Powerful 6.9 quake strikes off California coast
the third proposal was that countries should advance with the times and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through broad consultation.
Then the captain came back.
Shares Move Higher on Wall Street
A woman is picking a can.
Butter is being put into a bowl.
Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro found hanging in his cell
Thailand: Iranians planned to attack Israelis
A puppy running along a street.
A person is kicking a soccer ball back and forth between his feet.
Stomach bug to cause ailing Nadal to miss Australian Open
the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union. 
A woman adds ingredients to beef.
Hong Kong student leaders mull protest retreat
A man is traveling in a boat.
But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.
Last night Japanese forces attacked the Philippine Islands.
Still, revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge.
A man is cutting bread.
Tsunami warning after Aceh quake
Ukraine's top court dismisses Crimea's independence as "unconstitutional"
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
Someone is rinsing a large beef steak at the kitchen sink.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
a report issued by security software vendor mcafee inc., said government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war. 
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
It depends how you define extreme.
A bird holding on to a metal gate.
Communist rebels ambush Philippine police, kill 7
6.0-magnitude quake hits northern Italy: USGS
Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel.
myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014. 
Originally Posted by IZZY!
the resolution requires all 192 united nations member states to adopt laws to prevent terrorists, black marketeers and other non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them. 
A cat is playing in a box.
The man lifted barbells.
Syria envoy calls for political change to end conflict
The argument was "Albert Einstein didn't go to college".
President heading to Bahrain
Israeli minister wants Palestinian leader's ouster
A woman is shooting a gun.
Tokyo stocks close down 1.53%
"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
North Korea 'postpones' family unions with South Korea
Obama signs up for Obamacare
China stock index futures close lower -- Jan. 24
A girl is playing on a swing.
A dog is eating a piece of watermelon.
the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
"Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world.
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
A woman is water skiing on a lake.
The men are talking.
Santorum Romping To Minnesota Victory
Two people sit on a dock near the water.
Two trains inside a train station.
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
A man is giving a lecture on a podium.
Maldives president quits after weeks of protest
Those refused medical cards urged to contact HSE
Suspected US drone targets Islamic seminary in Pakistan
Obama travels to tornado-ravaged Oklahoma
A person grates a potato into a bowl.
"That really affects the companies, big time," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.
defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia signed the agreement.
Palestinian leadership condemn Israeli FM call to oust Abbas
Iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - IAEA
North Korea Blocks Access to Key Industrial Zone
Obama puts Syria strike on hold
A brown dog is running through green grass.
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.
China gives US regulators access to audit records
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
zabol is a town in southeastern iran. 
I don't think Paul has a shot.
Indonesia: Schoolchildren among 14 killed by Indonesia volcano eruption
Tens of thousands line up to cast votes in Bhutan
Hagel laments "political" changes to US defence budget
A woman is grating onion.
Chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing
Originally Posted by Lone Fox And it's not all Iranian related either.
Google 'are playing international tax game'
Suicide blast kills 1 in Afghan capital
A young woman is playing a guitar.
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
Senate confirms Obama nominee to key appeals court
A man plays a wooden flute.
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
10 Things to Know for Today
A woman is riding an elephant.
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
Boris Johnson re-elected London mayor
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
occupied Palestinian territory: Palestinians rebuff US peace talks blueprint
Last night Japanese forces attacked Hong Kong.
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.
A woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
again, this is not a constitutional issue.
A girl is playing a guitar.
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
The two dogs are running on the grass.
Gunmen kill 15 Libyan soldiers
Government deciding what pregnancies need to be carried to term, that's fine.
A man is loading a rifle with bullets.
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
A woman jumps hurdles on a horse.
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
Ergo it offends me when Thatcherites call themselves libertarian.
Three dogs are running on the grass.
ICC Champions Trophy: India vs South Africa
A woman peels shrimp.
Yahoo! to name Google's Mayer as CEO: report
Someone is pouring milk into a blender.
Romney pledges to 'stand with Israel' on Iran threat
A man is cleaning the windows.
Obamas to meet Mandela family wont visit hospital
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
Syria rebels leave besieged Homs
The tan horse is in the pasture.
Chicago teacher strike nears end with 'framework' agreement in place
the treaty was first signed in 1990. 
Rebels kill two park rangers in eastern Congo
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
Mandela's family thanks nation and world for support
Minister's wife's death 'unnatural'
A woman is cutting a lemon.
US top diplomat Kerry's wife rushed to hospital
Israel must release or try Palestinian on prolonged hunger strike
A panda bear is chewing on a stick.
China stocks close higher on Wednesday
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 11.30am
occupied Palestinian territory: Israeli Forces Continue to Shed Palestinian Blood in oPt
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.
So which system isn't working for us?
I said she has not ever had to be a part of any workforce.
President mourns death of Mandela
Susan G Komen in U-turn over Planned Parenthood funding cut
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
A boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
The train sits at the train station.
A woman is brushing her feet.
Plane Crash Site Search Called off for the Night
Someoen is playing guitar.
Egypt: IPI Urges Release of Al Jazeera Journalist Arrested in Berlin
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.
"Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism," Mr Howard said.
A group of young ladies in bikinis.
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
He had no intention of apprehending him.
Aust stocks open lower
China stock index futures close lower -- April 23
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
Pakistan drone strike kills up to six
Palestinians: 12 killed in IDF strike in northern Strip
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
Israeli ex-spy boss: no trust in leadership over Iran – video
the treaty limits deployments of tanks and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact countries and establishes confidence-building, transparency and cooperation measures between member
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
A woman is washing off the top of a freezer.
"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
Australian PM confident sounds are from Flight 370
A woman rides a horse.
A dog laying in a pet jacket.
A man is opening a box using a knife.
the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
A man performs on a stage.
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
JAL's first order from Airbus is blow to Boeing
Foxes are eating from a plate.
The shirtless man sat in a chair.
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
A man is playing a large flute.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
Algerian government parties dominate elections
The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
US Election: Mitt Romney concedes defeat as Barack Obama wins second term
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
Islamic State issues video of beheading of US hostage
Originally Posted by SolInvictus Ah.
i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.
Hagel defends proposed cuts in defense spending
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
Syrian PM defects to Jordan
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
The woman is slicing a tomato.
3 dead, 27 injured in SW China accident
Second teenager charged with murder
Woman dies in Co Cork house fire
A small boy playing in the snow.
Israel bars German author Grass over poem
Greece concerns drag on Asia markets
Bienging is unaccptable.
Mandela to spend Christmas in hospital
Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
A woman is cutting up some meat.
Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
A dog swims in the water.
Stop avoiding the question.
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
A man is playing soccer.
A woman rides an elephant.
A woman is playing guitar.
She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
Edward Snowden's father in Moscow
A woman is slicing a tomato.
the cfe treaty is a key european arms control treaty.
French train derails south of Paris
Senior US general linked to Petraeus scandal
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
Nine killed in gun attack in Pakistan
Texans coach Gary Kubiak in stable condition after collapse
A woman is chopping octopus.
A South African Airways plane is flying in a blue sky.
A man seated is playing the cello.
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
Two year doping ban for Contador
A person is boiling noodles.
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
My Sheriff has told me its bad for you.
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison
Five killed in Belgian coach crash
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
the man used a stenograph.
Los Angeles airport worker charged over 9/11 threats
A black dog running through water.
hong kong universities collaborate with universities, businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization, and technology transfer. 
Why are they looking at each other like that ?!?!
"It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
Rick Santorum wins Kansas caucuses
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
Belarus, Latvia to set up border commission
Plane Crash in Ghana: How the international media reported it
Iran nuke talks begin amid hopes of progress
A brown dog running through the grass.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
Obama meets Israeli, Palestinian negotiators
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
Philadelphia building collapses; reports of people trapped
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
China police seek eight suspects over crash
Indonesia: Death toll rises to 11 in Indonesia boat capsize
A child is stuck in a dog house.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
A man is crushing garlic with the back of a knife.
A woman is pouring ingredients into a frying pan.
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
Mali's Interim President Sworn Into Office
Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference
Police surround protesters in Belfast ahead of G8
4 Chinese among Nigeria plane crash victims
A video clip of Rihanna leaving a taxi.
Israel air strikes kill 4 in Gaza; death toll now at 38
The man was pushed into the water.
Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data Did gentlemen need chaperones?
A passenger train sits in the station.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
Today in History, Dec. 2
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal.
Police abandon posts in Lesotho, fear for lives
SC dismisses govt's review petition on Vodafone tax verdict
Rupert Murdoch set for second day of grilling
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1.
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
A woman is riding a water scooter.
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
Japan closes last nuclear reactor
Japan urges U.S. to quickly handle budget deadlock
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
A woman is slicing a big pepper.
More than 70 dead in clashes at Morsi rallies in Egypt
A bear is running from two dogs.
Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity.
British Prime Minister condemns murder of teens
The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?
Ukraine protesters battle police in new clashes
US to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age
switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with the islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal.
A man is lifting heavy weights.
the international atomic energy agency has no access to people, documents, sites. 
MP Sachin Tendulkar says no to govt bungalow
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
"Our fundamental values haven't changed," Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
Egypt policeman killed in Sinai attack
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
A male and female robot are kissing.
an indian government official stated that india does not attach much credence to reports by amnesty international. 
Vinnie Jones reveals he has skin cancer
Red Sox beat Tigers 5-2 to advance to World Series
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.
Egypt’s Coptic Church Names New Pope
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A woman is doing her hair.
A woman is wake boarding on a lake.
Obama queries Turnbull over China port deal
A man is carving a statue.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
The monkey is hanging from the trees.
Hi Pro and Corn: How many threads do you plan on making?
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
The man used a machine to chop up a potatoe.
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
sharia is islamic law. 
A man seated in a room is playing the guitar.
The birds are swimming in the water.
You mean, you believe the word of the Mainstream Media?
Men are falling into a pool.
Mixed reactions to NZ same-sex marriage
Ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally
the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week.
Alleged cop killer died from gunshot
A person throws a cat on the ceiling.
Thousands protest gay marriage in Paris
France says Greece must show credibility for eurozone
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.
Roadside bomb 'kills eight Afghan soldiers'
France's Nicolas Sarkozy makes his reelection bid official
My best, Kutte My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.
additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze. 
EU finance ministers‚Äô talks b...
russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension.
Tropical Storm Joyce forms, stays in open Atlantic
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
Bodies of MH17 crash victims flown to Netherlands
A woman is cutting a squash.
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force.
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
A woman puts chopped eggplant into a skillet.
A person is mixing ingredients in a bowl.
China stocks open flat Monday
Man sleeping on the street.
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
"We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story."
Egypt court orders Mubarak release
Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
1 dead, 39 injured in E China road accident
this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms.
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
A group of men playing brass instruments.
EXCLUSIVE-UPDATE 1-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
A girl is filing her nails.
u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site.
A cat is eating a slice of watermelon.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
He definently has supporters.
KL shares mixed at mid-day
A black and white dog is running through grass.
Thai protesters storm army headquarters
A man is burning a flag.
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
A little girl on a kid swing.
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle.
12 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe.
"We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
A panda bear is eating some bamboo.
BBC faces questions for pulling Savile case
Police converge on street in search for Boston bomb suspect
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
2 rockets hit Eshkol; none injured
Sarkozy announces re-election bid
8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
Peace talks with Palestinians would take months: Israel official
A girl is singing and playing a guitar.
A man is emptying a plastic container.
UN: US drone strikes violate Pakistan's sovereignty
A woman is grating carrots.
Syria missile kills 26, including 8 kids
Malaysia to extradite Iranian for attack on Israelis
A monkey is brushing a bull dog.
A baby is sitting in the grass.
North Korea's third test brings it closer to nuclear power status
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
What is your definition of "soul"?
'Whitey' Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years
I AM OK WITH MEDICAL USE!!
World stocks rise on hopes for EU, US stimulus
A man is lifting himself.
Picture of the Day 
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
brazilian police surrounding slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers. 
Strong earthquake in western China kills 47 people
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
Gunman among 7 dead after Fla. apartment shootout
resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons, the materials to make them, and the missiles and other systems to deliver them.
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge.
Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster
A woman is applying eye liner.
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
Egyptian court considers Mubarak‚Äôs release
Teenage girl killed in east London Shereka Marsh was shot in the neck, police say
two puppies playing around in the grass
ingo kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago. 
A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
the russian government strongly opposes u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismisses u.s. assertions that the interceptors are needed to defend against threats from iran. 
according to the statement the rs-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems. 
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
A little boy is vacuuming the floor.
Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
A woman is putting on makeup.
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
Commiting a crime in a gang is a crime.
the european union and the united states have frozen al-qadi's assets. 
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
Newark mayor saves neighbor from fire
van der merwe suspended geiges' sentence to 5 years imprisonment.
RBA delivers another rate cut
the meetings lasted 2 days.
A train traveling down the tracks.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God.
Nigeria Votes in Tight Presidential Election
A monkey is walking through the water.
Wall Street Opens Lower
A man plays a piano.
The lady chopped up the green onions.
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.
Suicide bomber kills 13 in Russia's south
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
"There is the real potential for a secondary collapse," Gov. James McGreevey said.
The lady peeled the shrimp.
A man pours some cooking oil into a pot.
Democracy has nothing to do with liberty.
Across US, people rally for 'Justice for Trayvon'
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
A man peels an apple.
Therefore, the explanation of the existence of the universe is God.
Rangers voted into third division
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
China sends aid team to Philippines
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security. 
UK 'concern' over Hong Kong protests
Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin.
Man convicted in Vatican leaks case
Oil slips below $108 ahead of Iran nuclear talks
Originally Posted by muslim girl ooops sorry!
Maldives holds fresh presidential election
Iran Nuclear Talks in Geneva Spur High Hopes
A man and woman are riding a motorcycle.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
A person pours some rice pudding into a bowl.
5 wounded in Ohio school shooting
It's so stupid that it just has to be true.
Russia: Syria Agrees to Participate in Conference
Iran MPs say ready to ban oil exports to some EU states
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
Snowden releases first Russia video
Lakers fire Mike Brown after 1-4 start
Palestinians 'hit' by Israeli fire in Gaza
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
Pakistan to release most senior Afghan Taliban prisoner
&gt;Cuba's Castro assumes CELAC presidency
the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans's space industry.
A woman is cracking an egg.
6.6-magnitude earthquake strikes off Indonesia
Chicago man to be sentenced for terror convictions
9 killed in attacks after deadly Iraq day
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
A woman is using a sewing machine.
A little girl plays the violin on a beach.
A bird perched on a flowerpot.
@ossobuco, Could this have been an enema?
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai. 
Your misogyny is getting messy.
The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
Telangana: Jagan to spend Thursday in hospital; blackout continues in Seemandhra
President Mills must quit - Lecturer
Yemen suicide bombing kills soldiers
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.
When Muslims are extreme it's terrorism.
China disagrees with U.S. sanctions program on overseas cyber attackers
The animal is eating.
KLCI Futures traded mixed at mid-day
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
"We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms," Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
Israel finds bodies of three missing teens in West Bank
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.
Colorado wildfire may be biggest property destroyer in state history
Two dogs on the beach.
last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe. 
A man and woman dance.
China returns 10 children abducted from Vietnam
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window.
At least 45 killed in Spain train crash
Brown dog running on grass.
Oh, little town of Bethlehem — for real
Musharraf arrested in Lal Masjid case
Gunman kills six in shooting at Sikh temple in Wisconsin
cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers. 
Four Palestinians killed in IAF strike
Sevens World Cup within Kenya‚Äôs reach
A man is throwing knives at a tree.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reaches 44.38 pct
A woman is swimming.
Hundreds honor student killed in Ohio shooting
Suicide bombs hit Egypt military in Sinai, kill 4
Singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher
Raid on Boston Marathon bombing suspect captured on film
Navy panel urges ouster of officer who faked death
The man hit the other man with a stick.
Two dogs are shaking water off.
'Iron Man' jetpacks spark concerns in Hawaii
"I would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative.
The woman is putting paste into a dish.
Red October standing by.
Select images from Bangladesh building collapse
Two dogs running in the dirt
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
But he said EVERY level.
police stated that-- chung has been on the run.
Syrian civil war in photos
Former Zambian president arrested
Tony Abbott sworn in as new Australian PM
A man is making a speech at the podium.
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
A man is jumping rope outside.
Singapore shares open 0.28% lower on Thursday
The boy fell off his bike.
a young child running along the shore at a beach
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
The woman is playing the flute.
A boy is playing guitar.
my hair is pretty thing tho :/ woops!
Iran says serious issues remain in nuclear talks
Ex-first lady Barbara Bush leaves Texas hospital
Militants kill 6 soldiers in northwest Pakistan
Implications of Palestinian reconciliation
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
The man cut some carpet with a knife.
Suicide bomber kills at least 4 in Kabul
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
Yes, they are both different.
Anti-American Protests Over Film Expand to Nearly 20 Countries
Best way to turn it on its head is to get money out.
No Sign of Russian Withdrawal From Ukraine Border, Official Says
Landon Memory from CATS We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
If you leap up to make a hit, you're getting a penalty.
the afghanistan-iran border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smugglers. 
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
A dog is running along the grass.
Wal-Mart lowers fee for holiday layaway program
India's top court orders investigation into job scam, deaths
Airlines cancel 'flytilla' activists' tickets to TA
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A brown horse in a green field.
It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
Ban Ki-moon to Review Syria Chemical Arms Accord
Muslims pray for end to divisions
China no longer top investment destination: poll
Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.
The deer jumped over the fence.
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
Originally Posted by SolInvictus The messahe of all the scriptures is oneness.
Iraqi Car Bomb Near Church Kills At Least 14
A person is slicing a garlic into pieces.
Pakistan fighter jets bomb 'Taliban hideouts'
Maldives president quits after police mutiny, protests
Six Police Officers Killed in Attacks in Dagestan
4 killed in shrine bombing in northwest Pakistan
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
Explosion Hits Hezbollah Area South of Beirut
NKorea makes "significant" nuclear reactor progress - IAEA
Google launches internet-beaming balloons
Five people on a sidewalk.
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
Two dogs running through a field.
Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
The men are playing basketball.
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
Boys are dancing in front of people.
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
Russian Air Force celebrates 100th anniversary
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.
A dog is barking.
A young girl running on the beach.
but okay, ultimate sovereignty?
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
9 killed, 168 injured in latest Cairo clashes
Israeli doctors could be tried abroad for force-feeding Palestinian prisoners
Ten killed in Alaska plane crash
A woman is slicing a pineapple into pieces.
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
Cause of Whitney Houston's death could take weeks
A woman is cutting scallions.
Hurricane Sandy moves towards US
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
BBC director general resigns over 'shoddy journalism'
Dogs in a race.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a burgeoning cyber cold war.
Syria says troops have begun pullout – video
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
What are they trying to hide?
The brown dog is running across the sand.
Umm, that pretty clearly states, "the statute is presumed constitutional."
A girl is riding a bicycle.
Queen meets Britain's new baby prince
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
House-Senate deal reached on payroll tax measure
China keeps an eye on visiting tiger freed by Russian President
Matt Smith quits BBC’s Doctor Who
Extension likely for Iran nuclear talks
South Africa's former PM Nelson Mandela back in hospital
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
One killed in clashes at Muslim Brotherhood Cairo offices
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Say What You Will We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
My gosh, I'm the one with the pregnancy ticker.
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to Beijing
Polls close in Senegal's presidential election
"Opinionated and stubborn" becomes treat with drugs".
The man poured oil on the tomato slices.
Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25pc to raise $15bn
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
Russia gives initial OK to American adoption ban
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
Jordan elected to UN security council seat that Saudi Arabia rejected
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.
Egypt issues long-waited presidential election law
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.
Russian plane reportedly crashes in Egypt
A woman is running on the beach.
Armstrong steps down from Livestrong
43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
EU declares Hezbollah's military wing terror group
A group of couples are dancing.
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
A black and white photo of an old train station.
Iraqi officials: 50 bodies found south of Baghdad
A cartoon woman is diving off a board.
putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.
An explosion is booming in the desert.
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
Malaysia detains Australian lawmaker at airport
Israel And Hamas 'Accept Temporary Truce'
S Korea bus station fire kills seven
the amnesty international report was titled indian helicopters for myanmar: making a mockery of the eu arms embargo?
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons
Israel unveils 1,800 more settler homes
The man erased the work on the board.
Norway memorial honours 77 massacre victims
Israel detains 37 Palestinians as arrest operation continues
Iran earthquake death toll rises
Newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
Thai opposition protesters begin Bangkok shutdown
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
russia ratified the amended treaty. 
Death toll rises to 236 after Brazzaville blasts
north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation.
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka
A person is cutting an onion.
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
A man is tying a noose.
Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia
Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action.
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
Chinese stocks higher at midday Friday
The boy played his trumpet.
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.
Unless it's different in different countries?
A woman is coating a pork chop.
A person is slicing an onion.
the osce discussed kazakhstan's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009.
Jordan elected to take Saudi seat on UN Security Council
Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak in Haryana, 19 injured
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
A woman swims underwater.
Tour De France Pack Sets off for Stage 15
NATO ups military presence amid Russian threat
korobeynichev's laboratory worked with the u.s. lawrence livermore national laboratory. 
A man is swinging from a rope attached to the ceiling.
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 ally countries of nato. 
US, allies to set demands for Iran nuclear talks
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.
Sometimes I, too, fantasise about bending people before my demented will.
Bradley Cooper in talks to play Lance Armstrong in biopic
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.
Venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.
it did not say if the men had been hanged in prison. 
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
UN Security Council unanimous vote on Syria
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
World stocks rise on hopes Fed to keep stimulus
The Democrat's 2000 platform didn't explicitly support gay marriages but backed "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation."
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
Chinese stocks open lower Wednesday
US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
A man is cutting a fish.
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
A young man is talking to a leaf.
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
A sheep standing near her children.
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.
A man pours wine in a pot.
Button boasts best time after first practice
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack
the cyber attack occurred after french president nicolas sarkozy's meeting with exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama.
A group of penguins is walking.
A woman is cutting a red pepper.
Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day
Well, whatever, you're aware of it now.
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
Raiders kill 38 in latest land clashes in Kenya
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan: officials
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
2 Traffic Accidents Leave 47 Dead in China
Man charged after MP hurt in attack
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
Red and white bus driving down road.
What makes India vote? Debate at Jaipur Literature Festival
Four dogs playing in the snow.
Only two bombs found in Boston Marathon attack
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.
U.S., allies to add sanctions against Russia over Ukraine
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
"It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
10 killed in Iraq bomb attack
Several children playing in a ball pit.
Voting canceled in three provinces in tense Thai election
A man is speaking on a phone.
A cat and a boy play together.
Could be a simple mistake.
Penn State football players react to sanctions
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said.
Repsol blasts Argentina over nationalization of YPF
Do you know how many passengers testified or what they said?
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.
Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ
A man is pouring oil into a pan.
A chicken is pecking at a dead mouse.
China stocks close higher after economic meeting
the lawyer of michael karras named s.s. dhillon could not be reached for comment. 
Suicide bomber kills 10 in Pakistan
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera.
And I don't fight for marriage.
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
4 dead, 3 injured in east China road accident
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation. 
cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks. 
GL, Terral That is absolutely amazing.
taking advantage has the effect of reinforcing.
Bomb Kills 19 In Northwest Pakistan
Tropical Storm Isaac threatens dam
China says defense budget to rise 11.2% in 2012
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
Four dogs splashing in the water
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
Romney picks Ryan as vice presidential running mate: source
Two women are on a couch.
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: U.S. judge
Mourners clash with police in Tunisia
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
A person on a bmx bike.
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
Come and get me, says Thai protest leader as anti-government riots grow
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.
In Kenya, attackers used 'less is more' strategy
Van der Sloot to Marry in Prison
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 30
Barack Obama's bodyguards sent back to US after prostitution scandal
A band is playing instruments.
Gunmen kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani
US drone strike kills at least ten in Pakistan
Thieves steal Channel swimmer's wheelchair
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
A man is seasoning some dough in a pan.
Sudan Blocks YouTube Over Anti-Islam Film
Navy jet crashes into US apartments, pilots eject
Israel launches new airstrike against Syria
vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.
Protests continue in Brazil
The bottom line is that the video clip doesn't show a gas chamber.
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
A small bird eating from the feeder.
At least 18 killed in Iraq mosque bombing
Train Derailment Kills 4 in New York
Didier Reynders on Syria
North Korean cargo reveals missile repair trade with Cuba
A man is shooting off a gun.
US: Israel to delay Palestinian prisoner release
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
ingo kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others.
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
Bangladesh Islamists rally against atheist bloggers
A man removes a couple of toaster scrambles from a plastic packet.
"But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."
Seamus Heaney, Irish Poet of Soil and Strife, Dies at 74
A boy is playing a key-board.
A man is shooting a gun.
The cow is grazing in a field.
'No plans' to resettle Syrian refugees in the UK
A man sliced through a bunch of water bottles with a knife.
spain currently holds the osce's presidency.
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
Woolly sheep at auction house.
Kerry's plan for restarting talks calls for release of 103 Palestinian inmates
I hope everything is okay.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
France Hails Breakthrough after U.S.-Russia Deal on Syria Weapons
it will be hosted by the australian government. 
'Dozens killed' in Syrian air strike on bakery
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
Egypt Launches Offensive Against Sinai Militants
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
Clinton calls for friends of Syria to unite
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
"Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one," Myers said.
drug traffickers from foreign countries constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal.
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
bulgaria is located on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula. 
Palestinians, Jordan coordinate stances on peace talks
Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border
ISAF: 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving Afghan police
Egypt ministry again urges end to pro-Morsi protests
Syrian rebels move command from Turkey to Syria
7 killed in attacks in Iraq
Jakarta prays for metro to ease traffic chaos
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
UN Adopts Syrian Chemical Weapons Resolution
Someone drills a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill.
A subway train pulling into the station.
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
Runners race around a track.
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited.
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons.
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
Aso refuses to resign over Nazi comments
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape, murder, apostasy, armed robbery and drug trafficking. 
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
The quote you provide has nothing to do with jury nullification.
Jeff Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Washington Post
Ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks
Libya: UN orders investigation into Libya rights abuses
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.
a man plays his white guitar.
A woman is applying eye makeup.
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'
Prince George christened in London
The covert war in Pakistan
the cfe treaty was established in 1990. 
Prince George is christened at St James's Palace
Life-threatening Midwest storms feared
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
godzhayev and godzhayev's lawyers were not immediately available to comment.
You are a Christian.
Communist rebels kill eight Philippine police
A woman is walking on an open ground with a pet dog as some other dogs follow them.
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
A boy played a keyboard.
Tokyo shares close 0.88pc lower
bae systems is the uk's largest defense company. 
Two people are riding a bike.
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
Car bomb hits Libyan Foreign Ministry in Benghazi
The man is playing a guitar.
A man is scaling a fish.
Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000
Nelson Mandela's condition improves
Three dogs are running in a field.
Navy jet crashes into Virginia buildings, injuring six
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
38 killed in rains, flash floods in Pakistan
Seven kidnappers killed in southern Nigeria
Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.
Highlights of the Vice Presidential debate
7 Tibetans self-immolate in China
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
Iran dissidents 'killed in Iraq'
Two women standing outside of a bus.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility. 
A cow is eating hay.
naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms (22 pounds) of heroin. 
A man with glasses is talking.
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
Car bombing kills 53 in Damascus
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
Car bomb kills 40 in northwest Pakistan
A boy plays violin on stage.
F1 protests in Bahrain
The man is riding the horse.
The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
A woman is dancing.
The woman is singing.
A boy looking at a computer screen.
A room with four computer monitors in a row.
Five killed in Philippines volcano eruption
I'd hate to be him too.
U.S. concerns grow about Syria's chemical weapons
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
Elephants spray themselves with water.
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
My great niece is half black.
Palestinian prisoners to end hunger strike
the chinese government has strengthened china's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years. 
"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow," added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
The dog is barking at the toy.
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
A man and a woman laughing.
paris is the capital of france.
Microsoft's Surface tablet promising, but questions remain
A passenger train in the snow.
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
Boy Scouts of America delays vote on lifting ban on gays
A man and a woman shake hands.
A man is doing a card trick.
Murder claim over Diana's death New information which has been passed to the police relating to the deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed is thought to include an allegation that they were murdered 
Egyptians vote on divisive constitution
Starbucks clears college degree path for workers
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
U.S. orders non-essential staff to leave Sudan, Tunisia
A person folds a tortilla.
Weiner stays in NYC mayor's race amid new sexting scandal
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A man slices potatoes.
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
A band is playing on a stage.
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.
Car bombing kills 17 in Pakistan
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
Blast near Iran embassy in Beirut
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
this is particularly true in the poorest countries. 
Violent clashes mark anniversary of Egypt uprising
Up to 50 dead in Spanish train crash
The lady added cheese to the sauce.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
Wind farm developers using 'tricks' to make turbines look smaller
Senior CPC official meets top DPRK leader's special envoy
Little white lamb with nose to wood.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
A man on a bike nest to a river.
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
People bent the laws.
George Zimmerman 'to be charged' with killing Trayvon Martin
I guess I pulled it out of the census's rear end in a top hat.
Australian among four on plane missing in Indonesia
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
"If you pass this bill," Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
The lady put the dried noodles in the hot water to cook.
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
An airplane moves along a runway.
Canadian freight train blast death toll hits three, to rise
regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations. 
A girl is playing a violin.
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
Again, personal responsibility.
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
"I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said.
Canada train plot suspects reject charges
Obama to meet privately with family of Nelson Mandela
A passenger train coming into a station.
Personal responsibility much?
this was particularly after ethiopia withdraws its forces.
Syria forces launch Aleppo attack
amnesty international is a rights group based in london. 
Dozens of Egyptians hostages taken by Libyan terrorists as revenge for airstrikes
8 rockets fired from Gaza into southern Israel; none hurt
Thousands evacuated in Moscow metro fire
Syria talks for Cameron and Putin
Hollande wins French presidential election
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.
2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float.
Delhi gang-rape verdict deferred again
Syrian Rebel Groups Battle Each Other in North
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
Man held after teen shot in Belfast
RF FM urges Syrian opposition to assist in immediate release of all foreigners captured in Syria
The man played haki sak in the office.
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
Sheryl Crow Has a Benign Brain Tumor
Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum
World Briefing | Asia: Myanmar: Deadly Anti-Muslim Violence Flares Up
South Africa admits possible 'mistake' over deaf signer at Mandela memorial
Two women sitting outside laughing.
A woman is dancing in the street.
A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.
An officer is talking to recruits.
Someone is putting rice in a pan.
mobile world congress future smartphone
A woman is washing her hands.
Obama to announce gun control plans Wednesday
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington. 
The one that has three walks home and beats his wife.
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94
Million Muppet March planned to defend U.S. backing for PBS
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
Sony to sell PC unit and cut jobs
President Xi: China to continue help to fight Ebola
A person riding a mechanical bull
Russia responds to Ukraine ceasefire
Obama meets Mandela family as icon remains in hospital
Nominations open for e.TV Ghana Most Influential Awards
A classroom of students watching a presentation.
Pakistani prisoner assaulted in Jammu jail
World powers and Iran to resume expert nuclear talks on Dec. 30
Nelson Mandela memorial service
Syria's Assad vows to comply with U.N. resolution
Arkansas Justices Strike Down Death Penalty
A man is being put into an abulance.
US Senate to meet as path out of fiscal impasse still elusive
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD
Police: Gunman killed 6 in California shootings
At Least Six Dead in Pakistan Gunfight
Fire in Beijing kills 10
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india.
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
Vinnie Jones reveals cancer battle new
Liquid ammonia leak kills at least 15 in Shanghai
US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed's next chair
A monkey is riding a bike.
Women drivers to face insurance premium rise
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
gorgich and pashtoon were executed in prison. 
A polar bear is sliding across the snow.
A monkey pulls the tail of a dog.
NATO Leaders Commit to Afghanistan Transition
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
Obama to meet Batman gun victims
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
China treasury bond futures open higher Tuesday
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison. 
Egyptian election result delayed
russia already participates in the european space agency's 
indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir.
Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
Did anyone see the footage of this?
An elderly woman is pouring oil into a frying pan.
Russian roulette in Syria
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
India issues red alert for cyclone Phailin
Are you driving a fucking Volt?
A person is cutting a meat.
Thus, ultimate sovereignty.
It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
Aung San Suu Kyi to address British MPs
South Africans mourn, celebrate Mandela
James Gandolfini dies aged 51
Libya ‘destroys last chemical weapons’
U.S. trade agency rules for Samsung, bans iPhone 4 imports
Iranian president makes debut on world stage
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".
The dog returns the play toy to its master.
Someone is removing the seeds from a bell pepper.
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
Allen defends self against Farrow's abuse claims
Official says Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
Still love this show.
Local Militia Bolsters Islamist Militants in Mali
the iaea report is restricted. 
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
the dans stated the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering.
A guy is talking into a microphone.
For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
Obama backs Philippines over South China Sea
A person is folding a piece of paper.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
A woman is cutting a cucumber.
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy.
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
The man is writing a letter.
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
Apple app directs drivers to Alaska airport runway
A blackbird sitting on the ground.
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
The girls danced on the stage.
A dog is riding a skateboard.
A woman is hitting a man.
Washington: More Than 100 Are Charged in Medicare Fraud Sweep
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
Rafa Nadal to miss Australian Open
A man is placing meat inside a plastic bag.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
Egypt set to lure Gulf investors
West hails Syria opposition vote to join peace talks
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
Monty Python to reunite for new show
Iron Dome intercepts two rockets fired at Beersheba
A man is riding a white horse.
in  Foxe basin was frozen.
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
One dead in new Israeli strike on Gaza
India's first post office savings bank ATM inaugurated in Chennai
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.
Brooks pleads not guilty at phone hacking hearing
 Foxe was mostly frozen.
Westgate attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi, says official
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
Cricket-England 155-4 v Australia, fourth test - tea
A pankda is eating bamboo.
7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes Philippines
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
Chuck Close We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
You need to make up your mind.
Snowden 'given refugee document by Ecuador'
Two women are sitting close to each other and talking.
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
US teen held in Chicago 'jihad' car bomb plot
Mandela back in hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition
Pakistan begins demolition of bin Laden compound
Obama aide holds talks in China after Syria veto
Manchester City win English Premier League title
A man is running.
British soldier shot dead in Afghan ‘insider attack’
Obama orders Syria 'gas attack' inquiry
A girl is communicating with sign language.
elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region.
Protests sweep Brazil despite concession
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
Supreme Court possibilities if Romney wins election
Factory Fires Kill At Least 260 in Pakistan
Assad Accuses US of Fueling Syrian Uprising
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
Telstra applies to list China site in NY
A woman is talking on a telephone.
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons. 
The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.
But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: "Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty. 
A monkey is riding on a bus.
'Trayvon could have been me'
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
Chinese stocks close higher Thursday
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
Egyptians Voting on New Constitution
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
Pro-life people do not want a woman to be able to choose abortion for herself.
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
A person is making a bed.
The man spread butter on the loaf of bread.
A clown is singing and people are dancing.
Is it legal to grow?
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
Iran's nuclear quest 'has cost Tehran over $100 billion'
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
White cat sitting inside of a sink.
iguaran stated that the detainees were also involved in the murders of police members of an anti-kidnapping group.
NATO strongly condemns Syria's downing of Turkish jet
Hugo Chavez: Venezuelan officials for unity
A man is slicing potatoes.
"What does pressing the number one do?"
What is Russia thinking on Syria? A brief guide
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
World‚Äôs largest building opened in west China
a black and white cow in hay.
In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
A man is running down a road.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor.
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
A woman is peeling a tuber.
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
A dog is licking a baby.
Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April
Sky News Cameraman Killed In Egypt
A man walks down a path.
Obama meets Zuma and pays tribute to Mandela
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
A dog shaking water off.
And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
Chinese envoy rebuts Vietnamese, Philippine accusations over South China Sea
Polls close in Egyptian presidential election
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.
We never got out of it in the first place!
Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League
Four dead in Indonesia train accident
Russian aircraft wreckage found after a year
US allies get help to repel Iranian computer attacks
6.2 magnitude quake jolts Sarangani
Taliban on agenda for US in Pakistan
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
A little kid is running around a fishing pole.
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
Hague 'concerns over conduct' of Zimbabwe election
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
mexico wishes to guarantee citizens' safety. 
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.
the killers escaped.
Queen names giant aircraft carrier
Thousands cross Austria-Hungary border
Egypt votes on final day of presidential election
The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
A person plays a keyboard.
Actor Gazzara dead at 81
A man is playing the trumpet.
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
korobeynichev's laboratory worked with other scientific institutes.
in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran's new nuclear program.
The government doesnt have to declare you married before you can be married.
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.
A group of people having a drink.
A cat is licking from a saucer of milk.
A close up view of a bottle of water.
Venezuela Expels 3 U.S. Diplomats
Two animals sitting on a rock.
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
A guy is mowing the lawn.
The man is playing the drums.
Boeing airliner crashes in Russian city of Kazan, 50 killed
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
Pakistan Shi'ites demand protection from militants
The bailout was bigger than TARP Bloomberg news.
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
Eight more bodies found on ship
Israel green-lights 1500 settler homes
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
Boy feeding a sheep.
The headlights on a blue car.
the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue. 
The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
South Africa mine clash kills at least 30
Nine children die in attack in Afghanistan attack
26 Palestinian prisoners released from Israeli prison
A cat is rubbing against a baby.
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.
A beagle walks along the calm shore.
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent
The woman is seasoning the oil.
Facilitator : Show me the smart child.
UN votes to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons
China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD
Three boys are dancing.
A couple are running towards the ocean.
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
Several sheep grazing in the field.
Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man.
Russia, China in double veto of UN Syria resolution
Two cows standing in a large field.
Three dogs playing in the snow.
There is no freedom of speech.
alstom is in competition with japanese and german countries for the contract. 
Egyptian boat crash death toll rises as more bodies found in Nile
EU Slaps New Sanctions on Russia Over Ukraine
Annan warns talks of Syria risks
Egypt's military cracks down on Muslim Brotherhood
russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version. 
Suicide bomber kills 9 at Pakistan political rally
Iran, world powers begin new round of nuclear talks
People ride up an escalator.
The person lit the cameras on fire.
UN voices alarm over Israeli strikes on Syria
No winners in a war of sanctions
Woman is adding sugar to meat.
China welcomes US, Russia deal on Syria chemical weapons
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
Italy‚Äôs centre-left splinters in presidential vote
Venezuela expels three U.S. diplomats
'Large and extremely dangerous' tornado heads towards Oklahoma City
A little bird floating in the water.
N. Korea vows to expand nuclear deterrent
South Korea Orders Immediate Shutdown of 2 Nuclear Reactors
UN Assembly to Vote on Syria Resolution
police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects. 
If you asked , progressives, the numbers would be skewed to the left.
Puerto Rican arrested for production of child pornography
A woman is writing a letter.
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
A man an woman are dancing in the rain.
Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
Two men are dancing.
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.
Bollywood cuts costs as rupee crisis bites
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
China's anger at N. Korea overcomes worry over US
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Dies of Injuries
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
Car bombing kills 14 in northern Iraq
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Afghan, US govts sign deal on controversial night raid
Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine
arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists.
Three white sheep in an enclosure.
India Ink: Image of the Day: January 16
Manchester City wins second Premier League title in three years
Protests and appeals for calm after Zimmerman acquitted of Trayvon Martin murder
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
46 Indian nurses stranded in Iraq return home
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
US government shutdown begins - live updates
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.
non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor. 
Israeli military focuses on northern border
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage. 
The Infestation posts.
A bicycle in a dining room.
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
No deal on fiscal cliff as Obama goes on holiday
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
Separatists down Ukraine military plane, several dead
A person is slicing a meat into pieces.
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
A skier going down the snowy hill.
Five killed in China building collapse
Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast
Most French support military operation in Mali
US Navy Jet Crashes into Apartment Block
A man rides off on a motorcycle.
U.N. Security Council Calls for Unconditional Cease-Fire in Gaza
And yet, the Titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence.
Pakistans Imran blames rival for killing party member
Air strikes wound civilians in Syria's Deraa
A woman is getting doused in green slime.
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
Apple app sends drivers to airport
A black man and his dog on the beach.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
Hamas in mixed-sex school 'ban'
French presidential election: first round - live updates
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions.
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
A woman is cutting a jalepeno.
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
Three children playing on the floor.
Should I just tell her how I feel?
Arkansas Supreme Court strikes down execution law
A man is peeling a potato.
Moody's upgrades Greek credit rating
A puppy is pushing itself backwards.
a boat moving in a river.
A brown dog runs through the grass.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
Syria denies reports of deadly Damascus nerve gas attack
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
The people got off the train at the station.
Egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
Egypt's leader imposes state of emergency in 3 cities
China's online population rises to 618 mln
"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
Police: Four killed in German hostage taking incident
N Korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles
A woman is mincing some garlic.
A girl dances in the rain.
Five dead in Indonesian eruption
Dolce and Gabbana Fined in Italian Tax Case
Two roosters are fighting.
I hope this is nothing.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
Series of deadly attacks strikes Iraq
Obama and O'Brien Cast Their Versions of D.C. White House Correspondents' Dinner
Housing starts up 6.8% in May
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
No damage, tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off Indonesia's Sumatra
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
David @OmSigDAVID, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
9 killed, 31 wounded in car bombs in Iraq's Kirkuk
the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
Syrian troops push into strategic rebelheld town
'Hunger Games' sets box office records
Mandela's condition has 'worsened over past 48 hours'
Chinese stocks fall after RRR cut - May 14
Toll from India building collapse hits 25
A woman is picking up a kangaroo.
In Cairo Camps, Protesters Dig in and Live On
India accuses China of crossing de facto border
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
Do you further agree that I have made no claim?
Egypt braces for Friday of anger after bloody crackdown
@NickFun, Has anyone heard from Dutchy?
In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning.
A dog is jumping in the snow.
Mitt Romney wins Republican primary in Indiana
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
Reactions to the prospect of military action against Syria
Israeli Forces Arrest Five Palestinians across West Bank
Israeli envoys summoned over settlement plans
Bombs kill two people, wound dozens at Boston Marathon
Bahrain Grand Prix Underway Amid Protests
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.
A woman dances on a stage.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
Blizzard brings US northeast to a halt
Someone is cutting a circle out of a pink sheet of paper.
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
Hagel, Dempsey face Congress over defense budget
Gunmen Kill Eight In Second Kenya Attack
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.
Minn. Terminal Reopens After Bag Causes Evacuation
Two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in Arizona
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.
Avalanche buries over 100 Pakistani soldiers
4 dead, 30 injured in train collision near Moscow
A cat is licking its paw.
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
van der merwe sentenced geiges to a total of 13 years imprisonment. 
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
Bomb kills three in northwest Pakistan
A man is riding on one wheel on a motorcycle.
India, China ink agreement on trans-border rivers
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region. 
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.
A man and a woman are different yes.
A woman is doing weight exercises.
Israeli Minister Slams Kerry's Boycott Warning
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
My parents have told me it is bad for you.
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
He too notified Captain Lord.
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
A child runs through the grass.
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
Chinese yuan weakens to 6.2816 against USD
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
Narendra Modi pledges tough stand against Pakistan
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
A passenger jet flies through the air.
The man is playing the piano with his nose.
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
CCTV: York conmen dress as women to trick pensioners
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
A person is cutting mushrooms.
A Woman is eating.
Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break, murder, says prosecution
Obama economic tour buffeted by low expectations
4 NATO Troops Killed in Afghanistan
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.
A man crouching and holding a camera.
Two people are walking through some water.
A race care driving along a dirt road.
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria
Secret Service sees its 'biggest scandal' over prostitutes
A solenodon is walking along the ground.
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
"Get the government into everything?"
Originally Posted by spikdboy Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
"He hasn't got much choice," said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
A man shoots a shotgun.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
Arab League Backs Palestinian Stance in Peace Talks
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Shawal Area
Iraq violence kills seven
Indian finance minister quits to run for president
Profiles of Kenya's presidential candidates
China stocks open lower Friday
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
Australia was flat, Singapore was down 0.3 percent by midday and South Korea added 0.2 percent.
Twin quakes kill 89 in China
Flash floods kill 58 in eastern Afghanistan
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
A woman is chopping onions.
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
A man is drawing.
Childcare costs rise by nearly 6%
Egypt protesters 'to be dispersed'
A man is walking outside.
She was a nice lady.
Some men are playing guitars.
the poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin.
Bird eating from a bird feeder.
Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
Thousands gather to support Islamist government in Tunisia
Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
A man is catching a ball.
Asian markets mixed on China trade data
At least 1 dead, 40 hospitalized in Southwest heat wave
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
"There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here," Gehman said.
Two Palestinians die in attacks on Israelis ahead of Kerry visit
Two trains are traveling on the track.
Russia releases Greenpeace doctor
There is no "WAR" in the middle east.
Somali MPs to elect new president
Outrage After Indian Girl, 6, Raped at Her School
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
Algerian president in France for medical tests after minor stroke
Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data
Egyptians vote on Islamist-backed constitution
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
Rebel fighters 'capture' Syrian soldiers
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
A black faced sheep.
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist nato members with response to any future cyber attacks. 
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
David Beckham Retires From Football
Why Cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual euro nonsense
jamaat-i-islami's youth wing staged a separate demonstration in kashmir. 
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
Retailers back Bangladesh factory safety pact
An animal run in circles.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.
Teenager tests negative for Ebola
The woman is walking her dog.
there were no weapons.
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
One dead, 11 hurt in LA car chaos
A man is loading a rifle.
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
A man is showing a t shirt.
A man catches a fish.
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
Ukraine's jailed opposition icon Tymoshenko walks free
Israel conducts airstrike on Syria
Ukraine's parliament votes to dismiss president
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
1000 prisoners escape from Libyan jail
Operation Chaos is merely people voting.
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
Egyptian police fire tear gas at Brotherhood protesters
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from Italy's parliament
Syrian forces launch new attacks
A woman is slicing a pumpkin.
East Timor bans martial arts clubs amid killings
A cat is playing with a watermelon.
Malaysians vote in polls for stability or change
Prince William dons samurai gear on Japan tour
A person is frying meat in a pan.
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
It assumes that methane growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.
Libyan militia takes control of Tripoli airport
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.
A man tries to read the paper.
A close up of a brown faced cat.
Ukraine pressured over Kiev clashes
'Million Muppet March' to defend Obama backing of PBS
A kitten is eating its food from a plate.
Mann's work was all about math.
Obama takes 'selfie' at Mandela's funeral service
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
They have actually showed a cooling trend since  due to the recent decline.
The cook pouring oil into the pan.
Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights
A red double decker bus on a city street.
James : says faith without works is dead.
I Want to Rock and Roll by Kiss We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
It is a question that needs to be answered.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Tornadoes, damaging storms hit U.S. Midwest, killing 5
A woman is chopping broccoli with a knife.
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.
Sarkozy to File Complaint in Gadhafi Funding Claim
Tech capital Bangalore costliest Indian city to live in: Survey
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
Workers killed in India building collapse
Angela Merkel headed for narrow win in German elections
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
The woman is dicing garlic.
French-led troops close in on Timbuktu
Never, did I ever, did I say blacks were going to riot.
Tsunami warning after Canada quake
U.S. military says it conducts airstrikes against IS in Syria, Iraq
A man is slicing a plastic container with a sword.
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
Two boys are playing a video game.
If it wasn't alive, then it would miscarriage on it's own.
Egypt seeks to lure investors ...
A brown and white dog running on grass.
N. Korea agrees to talks with South
What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
A woman is adding an egg and stirring.
Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81
Funny, I thought the same thing about some math.
A child and parent pet a horse.
A man is walking with a horse.
Brazil's 'pop-star priest' gets mammoth new stage
Holder filed a three-page letter.
A girl is making eyelid.
Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor
A man sings and plays the guitar.
Margaret Thatcher dies after stroke
Gray cat looking out the window.
A dog is riding on a bicyclists shoulders.
Ukraine Fears Russian Invasion
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups. 
A woman is playing a game with a man.
Tropical Storm Andrea zipping up the East Coast
a woman with a big necklace.
Burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions
It's not how it was sold, gb.
"They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears," Bush said.
"We've become like total strangers," Klein quotes him as saying.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dead at 82
Afghanistan: suicide bomber kills eight in military bus blast
Doctors are trying to revive a man.
Someone is sewing things.
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
Four boys are standing in front of the burning car.
India says China agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
A group of sheep in a field.
A woman is dancing to music standing near a bonfire.
I have the pregnancy ticker.
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
"Goblins don't exist" - fine.
fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way.
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.
Obama nominates new transportation secretary
Imran Khan to contest elections from four NA seats
Two dogs in snow.
A chef is peeling a potato.
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
Turkish riot police enter Taksim Square
India Ink: Image of the Day: July 2
"Would you like to wear your seatbelt?"
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that-- the iaea report is 1 in a series of bad signs. 
Worker dies at World Cup stadium
ALTHOUGH SATELLITE INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB ARE ONLY T./
estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia.
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
Google appoints Dennis Woodside to run Motorola Mobility
Jury selection begins in Zimmerman's trial
A man is spreading butter on a tortilla.
abuja is the capital of
Remains of 167 people found in Mexico cave
George W. Bush warns against bitter immigration debate
Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
there is much work to be done.
Clashes erupt as Greek vote nears
UN inspectors hail progress over Syria chemical weapons
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.
I repeat: And the simple fact today?
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.
The woman is peeling lemon.
"This is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
Egyptian protesters issue Morsi resignation ultimatum
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
A man is playing keyboard.
Dr. Neander's revised version.
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges.
Syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks
abe urged more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community.
Egypt minister survives assassination attempt
Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections
China Bo Xilai trial in fourth day
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
Nato troops kill two Afghan children
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
Man sets himself on fire on the National Mall
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.
Jaya Prada likely to join BJP, Amar Singh to decide for her
Car bomb rocks Hezbollah stronghold in Lebanon
White House, defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
Syria condemns Israeli air strikes.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
A woman is cutting tofu.
a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia.
Iran's nuclear negotiating team leaves for Kazakhstan
A white train pulling into a station.
A man is laying on the ground.
Chinese satellite spots large object in search area
On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
A man and woman are Bollywood dancing.
the plan for nigeria and mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate.
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.
Greek PM to announce new election
Gunmen kill one soldier, injure two others in Pakistan
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
US orders non-essential staff to leave Tunisia, Sudan
'Credibility on the line over Syria'
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
Golf: Westwood takes lead in Dubai Desert Classic
Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in Afghanistan
A man is speaking at a podium.
A man and a woman are riding on a bicycle.
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
A man walks two dogs in the city.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
Brazil held by England 2-2 as Maracana re-opens
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
A woman relaxes in an inner tube.
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
QPR 1-2 West Ham: Match report, pictures & video highlights
When an ally declines
Malaysia Airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight
Originally posted by Vitchilo March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.
You mean, you believe the word of the SpringHallConvert?
6.9 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand
76 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Syrian prime minister survives assassination attempt
runs victim down Got any proof?
Palestinian prisoners arrive at Muqata in Ramallah
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
An elderly man is speaking at a podium.
Thousands protest gay marriage in France
USA expels Venezuela diplomats in row
North Korea blocks Kaesong access
Iraq Backs Egypt Crackdown on Morsi Supporters
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer.
Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
"Gorgons don't exist" - fine.
Israel classifies Jerusalem natives as noncitizens
Red Cross members kidnapped in Syria
Mayday: fears for asylum seekers
David Cameron: Andy Murray deserves a knighthood
Hezbollah confirms it sent drone downed over Israel
Hard-line Jewish leader shot in Jerusalem
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
Two green and white trains on tracks.
Hrithik Roshan, Sussanne to divorce
A white jeep parked in front of a store.
UN closes in on landmark arms treaty
A woman is cutting an onion.
South Korean soldiers kill man trying to cross border into North
Purge sends chilling message to North Korea's elite
A man pours a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce.
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Black and white cat lying under bush.
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
Judge OKs force-feeding California inmates
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
Testimony in trial of former FM Liberman begins
Death toll rises to 6 as Storm Xaver batters northern Europe
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
Six dead in Philippine restaurant blast
War in the middle east.
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
the u.s., other western nations and nato demanded a cease-fire.
Obama team raises debate stakes
After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
7.2-magnitude quake hits Pakistan: CENC
Fire at South Korean bus terminal kills 5
myanmar is the world's largest producer of illicit opium according to the latest u.s. state department anti-narcotics report.
Israeli soldier hits Palestinian child in Hebron
Car bombs kill 20 in Turkish town near Syrian border
A man is playing a keyboard piano.
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
Ictu, Ibec in move on airline strike
Chairman of British no-frills airline easyJet to step down
A person is slicing carrots in half.
Man arrested on suspicion of murder after stabbing in Suffolk
British Warship Sets Sail for Falklands
Muslim Brotherhood supporters die in Egypt clashes
Central African Republic President, PM stepping down
Putin casts ballot as Russians vote
Kerry Welcomes Arab Plan for Israeli-Palestinian Talks
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
France warns Syria over chemical weapons use
Mob kills man for burning Quran
12 militants killed in Afghan raids: ministry
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
Weatherman Fred Talbot Held Over 'Sex Abuse'
I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
Asian markets gain on upbeat US economic data
Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
If I owe you a trillion dollars, you have a problem.
UNICEF calls for immediate safe access to women, children in Homs
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
Top Diplomats Discuss Iran's Nuclear Program
On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
A woman is watching television.
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
A boat is on the water near a small plane.
The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel.
The man is balancing on the wire.
A woman is stroking a lemur.
A woman is walking with a red bag.
I didn't say we had gotten soft since / Rand.
A person is dumping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove.
OMG, "Einstein didn't go to college."
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
Romanian president declared victory
Crowds Gather in Bethlehem for Christmas
Someoen is cooking onions.
Hollande defeats Sarkozy in French presidency vote
Gunmen ambush police boat in Nigeria oil region
Ive watched kids play.
russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe (cfe) treaty.
Sex attack on woman investigated
US designates Haqqani network as terrorists
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
"Elves don't exist" - fine.
Suspected drone strike kills 4 in Pakistan
Pakistan Taliban vows revenge, to repay Hakimullah's killing in bloodshed
China's Cabinet promises to boost economy
Some believe not slaughtering the unborn is most important.
A man is smoking.
Turkey president appeals for calm
russia is fulfilling obligations and decreasing forces. 
A cow is eating grass.
Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building.
What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013
China's yuan rises to new high against USD Wednesday
Israel, Palestinians seek another meeting Monday: U.S. official
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
Cars driving near a model building.
A society fraying at the edges
A person throws a cat in the air and it grabs onto the ceiling.
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
A woman is slicing carrots.
S. Africa's former president Mandela discharged from hospital
Li Na to announce retirement
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
Iraq violence kills 11
A man is doing push-ups.
Israel ends airstrike case; Palestinians critical
South Africa police say they killed 30+ miners
East Ukraine Separatists Ask to Join Russia
Childcare 'costing £15,000 a year'
Car Bombs Kill 58 in Iraqi Capital
Some people are throwing a dummy off a cliff.
Residents return to Texas blast site
A person is cutting leaves.
1 suspect arrested after Lebanon car bombings kill 45
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime. 
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.
Two white dogs are running together.
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
A dog lies on his back on a wooden floor.
A woman is squeezing a lemon.
Michigan IS a GOP controlled state.
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons.
On Tuesday, before Byrd's speech, Fleischer said Bush wanted ''to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing.
Iran's parliament questions President Ahmadinejad
Cambodia opposition head turns to parliament in poll bid
Live Blog: Ukraine In Crisis
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.
My teachers have told me it is bad for you.
Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
Stolen skulls found in home museum
Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
A group of people sing.
NYPD Twitter Outreach Backfires Badly
turkmenistan borders afghanistan. 
A puppy is sliding backwards along the floor.
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.
A woman is playing a guitar on streets.
Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
A man is playing the guitar and singing.
A baby is laughing and giggling.
but in the news broadcasts i have seen they did call him white.
Syrian rebel groups battle each other in north
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons. 
Vice President of Bolivia to visit China
China's new stealth frigate commissioned
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
indian troops already fighting rebels in kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region. 
A woman is cutting flowers.
Cleveland Kidnapper Ariel Castro Found Hanged in Prison Cell
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan. 
Jeff Bezos Pays $250 Million For The Washington Post
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
'Iron Man' Jetpacks Spark Concerns
The man erased what the other man had on the board.
At least 60 die in Iraq prison attack
A woman is slicing a meat into pieces.
Yemen Suicide Blast, Drone Attack Kill At Least 30
I don't prefix or suffix everything with "you hate Jews."
Syria Loads Chemical Weapons into Bombs, Awaiting Assad Order
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 6
Russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting Internet
The man ran and jumped against the wall.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
france provides the rockets, guns and engines. 
A child holds a yellow balloon.
A woman puts slabs of meat in a pan.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
a black dog swimming through a river.
'No Evidence' In Afghanistan Massacre Case
Man with knife arrested at entrance to Buckingham Palace
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
At least 47 Iranian exiles killed at Iraq's Camp Ashraf
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
Officials: Romney to get Secret Service protection
Young couple sitting on couch.
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient.
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
China's troubled Xinjiang hit by more violence
U.S. Drone Strike Kills 3 in Pakistan
NATO strike kills 11 Afghan children
A person is peeling a potato.
A soccer player kicks the ball into the goal.
The man is jumping into the water.
Medics transport a patient on a stretcher.
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
US Military Deaths in Afghanistan at 2,153
warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial
More Deaths Expected in Canada Oil Train Explosion
Gov't committee approves release of 26 Palestinian prisoners
Suicide bomber kills eight, wounds 13 in Afghan capital - police
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
A man and a woman standing on a city street.
California wildfire: 1,900 on the lines as firefighters labor to limit damage (+video)
A man is playing the piano.
Snowden sees 'no chance' for US fair trial
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
The tortoise is walking.
A woman is walking along a road and a man in a motorcar pulls up beside her.
Saudi Women Allowed To Compete At Olympics
N. Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle
A young girl going down a tube slide.
Obama is extreme and leftwing.
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
JetBlue pilot who caused disruption on flight not guilty
A dog is trying to get bacon off his back.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
A group of people are dancing in concert.
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
US set for Obama inauguration
He stated that it was a mental illness in , how is that bigotry?
US, UN up pressure on Israel over Gaza
N. Korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
A monkey is playing drums.
The chef poured oil in the pan.
withdrawal from the conventional forces in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders.
At Least 22 Dead After China Earthquake
Earthquake death toll rises to 260
'Iran won't accept pre-conditions to nuclear talks'
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
Aussie surfers find stricken asylum seekers
The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday October 29, 2013
Read More: You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?
Powerful 7.6 quake strikes off Solomons
Death toll in Philippines quake jumps to 85
peeve So we agree that it came down essentially in freefall?
A man dances on a colorful wall.
Appropriate deferments for the time, eh?
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
A baby is playing with a doll.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
The murky waters of the South China Sea
N Korean ship carrying Cuba missiles seized
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
Hall of Fame beckons for Capriati
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.
U.S. recognizes Syrian opposition
If you haven't made any claims, then just say so.
A man is chopping an onion.
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
Chinese vice premier meets Australian Governor-General
A man is exercising.
How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?
Gunmen Surround Libya's Foreign Ministry To Push Demands
AP poll: Majority in US have prejudice against blacks
A woman puts a baby in a trash can.
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
Influential Palestinians Seek One Democratic State
Spanish bailout dilemma gets more acute
India Ink: Image of the Day: April 21
Chicago teen arrested in Chicago car bomb plot
Heavy fighting reported in Damascus
A cat swings on a ceiling fan.
Syria 'to declare chemical weapons and sign convention'
Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Miranshah
A cat is playing a piano.
Abbas to lead Palestinian unity government
A brown dog in running on grass.
A woman is shooting off a gun.
A boy is walking across a bridge.
Two people are riding a motorcycle.
UN aid chief Amos enters Baba Amr with Red Crescent
US stocks slip on Wall Street as Greek talks drag on
Two boys are driving.
Chinese tourist abducted from Malaysia
Brahimi apologises to Syria over lack of peace progress
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
Amnesty: Syria rebels also committing abuses
Taiwan coast guard launches new ships as South China Sea tensions rise
Why hate people because they are successful?
Hurricane Sandy gains speed, batters US east coast
Southwest China quakes kill at least 50
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.
I am moving on to ask you the question: " Where ' s the beef " ?
UN Invites Iran to Syrian Peace Conference
Who does it now only produce enough for  billion?
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
California wildfire forces evacuation of homes, university
Probe into motor insurance market
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
Lewis Hamilton Takes Pole for Russian GP
He played four seasons in Miami, including the Dolphins' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl.
A dog is trying to eat the bacon on its back.
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
jamaat-i-islami's youth wing's demonstration was against a us attack on iraq.
Chinese president meets Greek PM, calling for stronger partnership
"Bright but scatterbrained" becomes "treat with drugs".
A black dog lies on the grass.
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
A man is opening a door.
Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria - residents
The prices of everything you own IE assets have gone down.
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
A man rides a large black motorbike.
A motorcyclist crashes on his motorcycle.
Allen responds to Farrow's abuse claims in letter
Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
Romney, in comeback, has narrow Maine caucus win
a bombing occurred in afghanistan but police have not yet stated who is responsible.
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
A woman is pouring batter into a bowl.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
Two sheep stand in a doorway.
Palestinian prisoner ending hunger strike after deal
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack.
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
A black dog retrieves in the snow.
The woman is riding a horse.
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
the international atomic energy agency is the u.n.'s nuclear watchdog.
Greece to vote on 2013 budget; protesters gather
A woman is kneading dough.
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
A dog is barking at a ball.
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in 
US readies possible solo action against Syria
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
Australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
a group of people dancing
Merkel to attend World Cup final
"I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job," she said.
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
Mali Islamists destroy more holy Timbuktu sites
We both thought the movie was good and we didn't find it confusing in any way.
The girl applied face makeup to a man.
Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
A man is busting concrete.
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
north korea is currently in the process of dismantling its nuclear weapons program.
Syria military police chief defects to rebels
"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," they said.
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
US, Canadian imams issue fatwa against honour killings
A woman is slicing octopus.
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
A man is squeezing water.
A man and woman kiss.
Ukraine: Nine people die in Kyiv clashes
Labour's 50p tax rate: what you need to know
Close-up of a hummingbird.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone
Why do people like you put scientist on a pedestal?
Son of popular US evangelist Warren kills himself
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
Chinese search plane finds 'suspicious objects'
Paper is being cut with scissors.
Indian troops kill militant commander in Indian-controlled Kashmir
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
Two men standing on beach.
Pope hits out at ‚Äėwar to sell arms‚Äô in Syria
A woman is playing a flute.
Warm , maybe record.
Putin signs Crimea annexe treaty
Government Shutdown Begins Over Health Care Feud
A dog chases another by a tree.
Israel Approves New Settlement Homes Ahead of Peace Talks
its not an official deployment.
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
Police helicopter crashes into Scottish pub
China lands Jade Rabbit robot rover on Moon
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 27
Moscow's Crimea success could lead to it redrawing Ukraine's eastern border
iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china. 
The comedic mimes performed on stage.
A man is writing in a book.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
Venezuela lawmakers brawl amid election tensions
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
Mitt Romney wins Maryland GOP primary
Originally Posted by JonD Doubtful.
Top Asian News 8:39 a.m. GMT
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
The lady put the baby int a trashcan.
Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
A television with a show on.
Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday
A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
Someone is boiling okra in a pot.
Someone is playing guitar.
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
North Korea Postpones Family Reunions with South
a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility. 
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
Obama mourns death of icon Nelson Mandela
Are you driving one?
Strong earthquake hits Mexico
LOL, you are so ignorant.
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
Building collapses in India; 25 feared trapped
A woman cuts a pineapple.
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
Ex-Virginia governor Bob McDonnell charged with corruption
Two women are wrestling on the floor.
A young female rider on a brown horse.
Sudanese protesters demand the regime's ouster
Indian troops kill Pakistani soldier along Kashmir line of control
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
A youngster is sitting on a piano.
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
Easy Rider star Karen Black dies aged 74
The problem is simple.
Egypt: Child killed in Cairo clashes after pro-Morsi protest
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
depending on which action furthers their loony-tunes agenda of the moment.
reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site. 
Santorum wins Kansas caucuses
Bedouin release two Britons seized in Egypt's Sinai
France shuts mosque, arrests man in crackdown after attacks
Fire destroys Tibetan town in China
Woman dies riding roller coaster at Texas amusement park
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.
A man is playing baseball.
Three Afghans killed in suicide attack
A man sitting in a cluttered room.
US Attorney general Eric Holder to resign
More than 60 killed at Iraq funeral
Stocks close 0.39% higher
A boy is pushing a van.
'War crime': U.N. finds sarin used in Syria chemical weapons attack
Two robots share a kiss.
A girl jumps on a car.
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
India allows Pakistan investment
Micronesia vice president to visit China
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii. 
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty (cfe). 
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.
US Cannot 'Conclusively Determine' Chemical Weapons Use in Syria
Ukraine President Calls Talks To End Protests
The lady poured the rice pudding into a bowl.
A man is carrying another man over his shoulder.
Captain of sunken South Korean ferry arrested
That Israel doesn't giva a **** what anybody else thinks.
Syrian forces, rebels clash near Turkey
A woman is walking with a dog.
Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
Iran vows to preserve "peaceful" nuclear program
Do you see Obama calling for regulation reform?
Explosions heard near Afghan presidential palace
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
UN War Crimes Court Convicts Six Bosnians Croats
Pakistani Taliban names new leader after drone strike
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
Two dogs playing in snow.
both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years. 
A man is mixing.
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.
6.7-magnitude earthquake jolts Taiwan: CENC
Brazil's Congress approves internet legislation
40 still missing in Canadian train wreck
The rhino grazed on the grass.
A man is preparing a hanging rope.
Wreckage from AirAlgerie flight AH5017 found in Mali
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
22 killed in mine accident in southwestern China
Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal
Mumbai is 2nd costliest Indian city to live in
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
3yo Palestinian girl killed in Israeli raid
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
A group of people sitting around a desk.
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
their vast properties are protected by the govt.
Bombs Kill 35 in Baghdad Christian Area
Someone fell off a horse.
A green bike parked outside a book store.
Former spokesman for U.S. President Ronald Reagan dies
Hong Kong officials resume work as protests thin
Two men compete in a tire rolling race.
"Three Weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
Japan PM dissolves lower house for election
Russian court to rule in Pussy Riot trial
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
"We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
A man is holding a frog.
Avengers sets box office record
Latest Anti-Muslim Violence in Burma Kills 1, Injures 10
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
I didn't mention restraining order either.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
A woman is slicing egg plant.
A live rabbit is playing with a stuffed animal bunny.
The men are putting suitcases into the car's trunk.
Suarez set for Cup comeback
A dog sat at the counter of a store.
The Note's Must-Reads for August 1, 2012
U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
Israel, Hamas reportedly agree to 12-hour truce
Iran predicts failure of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks
Voters in Myanmar hopeful as Suu Kyi's party claims win
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.
Apple shares hit hard on iPhone disappointment
U.N. condemns ethnic killings in South Sudan oil town
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
NM County Prepares for Same-Sex Marriages Hearing
united states officials do not know how far north korea's nuclear weapons program has progressed. 
Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
A man guts a fish.
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
Two pandas are laying together.
Russia Destroys Over 75% of Its Chemical Weapons Stockpile
In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
A brown dog squating on grass.
south africa's foreign ministry stated that south africa's foreign military assistance act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
I compared homo phobia with a developmental disorder.
Salafi Islamists, police clash in Tunis - witnesses
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
'Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes'
EPL clubs out to avoid Champions League woes
A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.
A cat is playing with a camera.
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
Men tried to behead soldier on London street, court hears
A man and woman are driving down the street in a jeep.
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
A large amount of penguins are heading to the ocean.
A man is riding a motorcycle through a town.
Trees are hit by very hard winds.
A young girl riding a brown horse.
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
Suicide bomber kills policeman in Pakistan
A woman is flipping pancakes.
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.
A person cuts an onion.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
What is your definition of "life"?
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
Car Bomb Kills 37 in Northwest Pakistan
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
Swiss tourist 'gang-raped' in India
Imran blames rival for colleague murder
Erdogan and Putin talked in raised voice
Israel kills Hamas commander, bombs Gaza targets
Thai junta amasses security force to smother Bangkok protests
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
2 Turkish unions call for strike on Monday in protest over police violence
two big brown dogs running through the snow.
A helicopter is landing on a helipad.
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
3 dead, 1 hurt in shooting at S Carolina oceanfront motel
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.
"This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved," investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
A man is singing.
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.
Sony to axe PC unit in major business overhaul
Someone is playing a gameboy.
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
A man walks across a tight rope.
Rooney helps Man United beat Everton 3-0 in Premier League
Syria military police chief defects to opposition
"They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case."
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
A man is diving into a swimming pool.
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
Dozens killed in Kenyan clashes
A woman is deveining shrimp.
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
"We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously," he said.
EU jobless hits fresh record
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
"These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
Tropical Storm Isaac drenches Haiti, swipes Cuba
Some is grating onion into water.
"It was a brazen attempt at intimidation," said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
France loses influence in Europe
China treasury bond futures close mixed Wednesday
118 people killed in twin blasts in Nigeria
Mann's work and the HS was all about Tree rings.
A girl riding a brown horse.
You have too much regulation, not too little.
27 killed in attacks across Iraq
A person peels shrimp.
Bahrain rejects activists' appeal
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
Dozens injured as Morsi supporters clash with security forces
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
Capello quits as England manager
Tell us what the charges were.
grenell is spokesman for the u.s. mission to the united nations.
Old blue and white train on tracks.
Israel airstrikes kill Hamas commander, 5 others
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
A man is dancing on the ceiling.
A man is cutting carpet with a knife.
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.
A deer jumps a fence.
A man is peeling potato.
A man is drivong a car.
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya's Benghazi, no casualties
South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
Boston bombing suspect buried
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
Hijacked aircraft lands in Geneva
Tense calm returns to south Tel Aviv
china stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space.
"They ransacked and burned the two villages completely," rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
A young boy is holding a guitar.
This is not your country.
Cuba sees "major role" for foreign investment
Mubarak's sons face new charges of insider trading
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
Lance Armstrong stripped of Tour de France titles
A brown dog running through the woods.
Hurricane Sandy reaches Jamaica
'Palestinian Prime Minister Fayyad resigns'
Hezbollah says it sent drone over Israel
Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in protest against Chinese rule
Kerry to visit Jordan, Israel-Palestinian peace on agenda
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution.
Spain approves new restrictive abortion law
I agree completely I am hoping he is into a second term of office.
UK police say no terrorism link to helicopter crash
A boy whacks a man with a sword.
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
A dog swims after a tennis ball.
A brown dog is running in the grass.
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
A man is slicing a bun.
What makes you think the owl didn't participate?
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre' – video
I hope everything is OK!
Yahoo names Google exec Mayer as CEO
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
China's generous 1MDB bid seen reaping it big returns in Malaysia
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
and videos Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.
Japan starts hearing on sales tax, ex-bank deputy urges gradual rise
Alps attack: Girl returns to UK
A man pours water over a pilots head.
Israeli military court rejects appeal of Palestinian hunger striker
zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy.
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
A man is slicing a carrot by a machine.
The boy is riding a tricycle.
A computer on a desk.
Obama to deliver statement on Syria at White House at 1:15 PM
Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi to address parliament on June visit
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
A man is showing a bread.
Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, None Hurt
Saudi-born Nigerian charged with terrorism in New York
No, none of those factors account for the recent warming.
Iran says nuclear talks with UN 'constructive'
Turkish search ends as last missing miners found
Two cows crossing a road intersection.
Italian pilgrims die in bus plunge
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
Philippines and rebels reach 'wealth deal'
US drone strike kills three in northwest Pakistan
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 
A young boy is playing a wind instrument.
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
Suicide bomber attacks primary school in Iraq, kills 15
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive. 
A group of girls are exiting a taxi.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
Joachim Gauck elected as German president
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
Thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
Spanish PM refuses to resign over corruption scandal
The bailout was bigger than TARP This title is misleading.
US Senate approves fiscal cliff deal
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
6 killed in Philippines restaurant blast
Bodies of missing Israeli teens found in West Bank
10 killed, 12 injured in E. Afghan airport suicide blast
The cats are playing with each other.
N Korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch
A woman is abusing her child.
Magnitude 6.3 quake strikes off Solomon Islands: USGS
The man is eating cereal.
Anti-American fury sweeps Middle East over film
A man opens a can and pours the contents into a bowl.
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
Anyway, welcome back.
Students take a ride on airwaves
Ride operator charged in N.C. fair accident
A man is walking along a path through wilderness.
A person is petting a monkey.
Benedict comes home to new house and new Pope
"Pressing the number one does English."
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
Investigators Probe Motives of Los Angeles Airport Shooter
A person is cutting some burrata cheese.
Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?
Mom and baby among five killed as tornadoes rake Oklahoma City area
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday
the police officers surrounded the slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs.
bombing occurred in afghanistan as attacks by anti-government insurgents increase in recent days. 
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
Thailand's army declares martial law, denies coup
The brown and white dogs run through the field.
What will be the response in California?
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
russia imprisons people without evidence of illegal activity.
Obama holds talks over Syria action
Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law
Whitey Bulger gets life for racketeering, killings
A woman is riding a donkey.
Someone is cleaning a animal.
paranoid Got any proof?
U.S., EU Cautiously Welcome Iran's Proposal To Restart Nuclear Talks
Apple stock plunges 11% after earnings disappointment
the number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society.
Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church
Two robots are kissing.
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms using a knife.
NKorea executes Kim Jong Un' uncle
American Chris Horner wins Tour of Spain
according to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket is unlike the topol-m in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems.
Birthday of DPRK to Be Celebrated in Peru
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence
Fla. Democrats want extended early voting hours
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
Red double decker bus with hood up.
Just so long as the tax on that sale is paid.
Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday
Two U.S. soldiers shot, killed by Afghan soldier
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540: army
the alh's arsenal includes-- rocket launchers from belgium rockets, guns and engines from france brake systems from italy fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain self-protection equipment from a swedish company.
Sometimes I fantasize about having power.
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
 warmed.C from the year prior.
Obama canceled meeting with Putin
Iran nuclear talks extended to November 24
Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.
Blast kills 10 young girls in eastern Afghanistan
A man is swinging nunchucks.
Australian PM Gillard ousted in leadership vote
The man added vegetables to the broth in the pot.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
Chaos is merely people voting.
A boy is cutting paper.
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
A girl is exercising.
Genetic predisposition to cancer resistance is superior genetics.
Crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 in Eastern Ukraine
Man arrested over double murder
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle.
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty
A man is sweeping the floor of a house using a long broom.
if you could kill one person to save four, would you?
Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria ahead of poll
I'm so sorry to hear this Kelly.
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
It still makes no sense.
Two dead, more trapped in latest Mumbai building collapse
A woman is drinking vodka.
A man is putting cheese on a tortilla.
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
Russia Preparing Counterproposals Over Ukraine
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.
A baby elephant eats a sapling.
A man is tying on a stenographers machine.
If you answer no to  but yes to  then you are probably straight.
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
A woman is applying cosmetics to her face.
If God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
Irreligion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights I use lettuce too.
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
myanmar's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.
In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan
Close up of a bottle of water.
A lion is walking around.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
A woman is slicing meat.
A toy train strikes a toy car.
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
Yvette Cooper backs gay marriage bill
Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by Greg Norton.
russian officials have called for a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amended treaty. 
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
the international atomic energy agency insists that the iranian government's simple denials of the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board are not good enough to allay western countries suspicions.
NATO strike 'kills civilians' in Afghanistan
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
Activists storm Syria embassy in Kuwait
the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism. 
The man is holding a lemur.
The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
A man drills a hole in a piece of wood.
Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
I missed the point where he said that black people were going to riot.
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.
Obama urges military action against Syria, but will seek Congress' OK
Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
A person skiing down a snowy hill.
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty. 
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
A man walking down the stairs.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
John Demjanjuk, convicted Nazi death camp guard, dies aged 91
Iran expands nuclear enrichment activities: IAEA report
I know I'd hate to be him.
Maldives team in India to observe an election
A woman is cutting some octopus.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
The 2000 Democratic platform supported "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation."
Three Killed In Crash At Tiananmen Square
Six Australians killed in Laos plane crash
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
U.N. rights chief presses Egypt on Mursi detention
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
Government of Canada Supports Montréal Women Leading Change
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
A deer jumping over a fence.
Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?
Obama's big Hispanic win worries Republicans
Forex &amp; Gold 25 August 2012
The woman is slicing fish cake.
The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
Italy bus crash death toll rises
donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail.
Press Releases: Yemeni Presidential Election
World's oldest man dies at 116
A submarine is going through water.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
Israel threatens action against Gaza aid ship
Someone is holding a hedgehog.
go figure You're asking me to prove a negative?
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Usually I get pretty decent care.
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room
Senior journalist killed in Pakistan
Butler to be tried in "Vatileaks" case
Obama voices willingness to talk with GOP on budget
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
Palestinian prisoner dies of cancer, unrest in Israel jails
Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
I have no problem with those that have money!
I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
Two people are sailing a small boat.
Britain reaches out to Syria opposition
Chinese activist renews call to fight injustice
A woman is holding a dancing baby up.
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
A man laying down and shooting a gun
A woman is doing a joker make up on a man.
Syrian opposition reports 'massacre'
Greece reaches agreement with troika, bailout tranche expected within days
A woman is carrying a kangaroo.
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
Z stalked him down, then shot him.
A woman is firing a rifle.
The blue train is at the station.
A squirrel is moving in circles.
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
Pakistan's PM orders YouTube halt over anti-Islam film
Girl accused of burning Koran goes into hiding
Dozens injured in Connecticut train collision
Cory Monteith found dead: Canadian ‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star was 31
Nato condemns Ukraine crackdown
A baby is playing a guitar.
Abdullah Widens Lead in Afghan Presidential Poll
Exclusive-UPDATE 2-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
A person is playing the keyboard.
'It's either too late or too early to intervene in Syria'
U.S., Friends of Syria recognise opposition as sole representative
You don't know if those factors account for the warming, or not.
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
People sitting on acouch.
The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
A cat is drinking milk.
Protests continue in Ukraine despite concessions
Arsenal v Stoke City ‚Äď live!
Egypt courts hear cases against Mubarak, Islamists
Dignitaries pay tribute to Paul Desmarais
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak, 19 injured
Libyan assembly rejects new cabinet, dismisses PM
Rudd sworn in as new Australian PM
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
Income tax, top rate:  percent.
The Note's Must-Reads for Wednesday, May 30, 2012
Indian media: Commonwealth summit
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
Obama to set out gun control plans
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
Chinese court upholds death penalties for Mekong murderers
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
A woman is slicing onions with a large knife.
A woman splashes around in the ocean's waves.
Syria peace plan conditions “unacceptable,” opposition says
AOL to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1 billion
Five convicted in Kosovo organ trafficking case
"If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you," said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.
A woman plays with a brown dog.
Quotations in the News
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
A woman falls on a sand castle.
George Washington's copy of US Constitution sells for $9.8m
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
the areva group is the world's largest nuclear engineering firm.
Clinton Warns Against Undermining Grameen Bank
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
Kerry: $4b Palestinian Economic Plan Could Work
bruguiere stated-- restraining extremist groups particularly across europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed.
Earthquake of 6.9 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient.
A small boy is playing with a dog.
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
A woman plays the guitar.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
Nadal tops Djokovic for 7th French Open title
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
No blocks to investment
I'm so sorry, Kelly.
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
Turkish PM urges to end protests in Istanbul
A girl is singing on stage.
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
A man is adding oil to a pot.
Israel reaches deal with Palestinian hunger strikers
Two robots kiss.
.Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.
Isn't that redundant and repetetive?
TROPICAL CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED.
Originally Posted by Vienna To 'say' what?
I think you need to reread what I wrote.
Turkey's Erdogan in Iran to mend ties after split over Syria
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
Bomb attacks kill 20 in Baghdad's Christian areas
NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack'
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
In fact, it's just the Dutch.
Ukraine leader pledges crisis talks
Embassies staying put in N. Korea despite tension
but it seems it would have less "impact" if they didn't call him white.
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
ArQule stock plunges as lung cancer study shelved
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board.
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan
Brown dog splashing into the water.
Saudi man with pressure cooker arrested at Detroit airport
A white dog running through the snow
Iraqi president in hospital after suffering stroke
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar. 
U.S. and Turkey Tighten Coordination on Syria
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
a train rides on his tracks.
What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?
N. Korea Deports Elderly American
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces.
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan
Man playing game in a store.
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
A soccer player scores a goal.
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
A gun is being fired.
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
A group of people eat at a table outside.
Syrians hold solution to Syria crisis
A person riding a dirt bike.
Abbas proposed as PM in interim unity government
Armstrong standing down from Livestrong
Someone is carving a statue.
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.
wait until they become more consistent and closer together.
Belgium King Albert II 'to abdicate'
Britain's debt timebomb: Nine million are in 'serious debt'
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
A plane is landing on a runway.
A woman is adding pasta to a pot of water.
The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce. 
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch.
China stocks open higher Wednesday
Supreme Court to hear Michigan affirmative action case
A man is playing piano.
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
AP Poll: Majority Harbor Prejudice Against Blacks
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
Explosion hits pipeline as Assad attacks cities
Murray ends 77-year wait for British win
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment," Daschle wrote.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
The cowboy rode his horse in the desert.
A woman is frying meat.
You seem as irritated as Henry.
Indian building collapse death toll rises to 72
22 dead in suicide attack on Yemen police academy
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut, 7 killed
Wave of bombings kills 15 in Iraq
New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage
A young man is singing while playing the guitar.
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
US, NATO Raise Doubts Russia Pulled Back from Ukraine Border
Death toll in Nepal earthquake tops 8,000
north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria. 
The man drew on the white paper.
UN Security Council hears Yemen envoy's final ...
A dog is looking into swimming pool.
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.
A woman is filing her fingernails with an emery board.
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
Israel bars German writer Grass from visiting over poem
A man is talking on a phone.
israel remains outside the treaty.
Khan Said named as new Pakistani Taliban leader after Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
'Ready to go home:' Last Boston bombing victim leaves the hospital
the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program. 
Iranian exiles report deaths in Iraq camp
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
A man pours cleaner in his sink.
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
Plastic artist calls for greater support for new talents
Baftas 2013: Olivia Colman picks up two awards
Racers are running down a track.
Syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback
At least 89 dead in China earthquakes
A boy is checking a calender.
Oh, and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right.
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.
Is there a test to own a firearm in the US?
Israeli lightly hurt by stones in West Bank
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
Russia, China Concerned About Israeli Airstrikes in Syria
and morals and honesty have everything to do with it.
Romney wins Maryland Republican primary
my hair is pretty thing tho :/ Quote: Ditto.
A man is taking out the insides of a green pepper.
Haiti is a shithole.
Egyptian Christians choose new pope
Israel's West Bank control 'costing Palestinian economy billions'
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
Suicide bomb kills 4 in Syrian capital's Old City
Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
Nato solider dies in Afghanistan
Vatican Embassy in Syria hit by mortar fire
Bianca Ojukwu becomes APGA national leader
A Tale of Two Passes: How The New York Giants Won The Super Bowl
The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
Trayvon Martin could have been ...
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
Egypt's Mubarak in critical condition
Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
Heavy smog hits north China city, flights cancelled
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
A white airplane is on a runway.
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
Indonesian capital prays for metro to ease traffic chaos
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
A potato is being peeled.
Ukraine protesters rebuild barricades
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.
If they were Jews, I would call them Jews.
Someone is slicing a onion.
A dog is running toward the camera.
Gunshots, explosions rock Thai protest day ahead of polls
Two women mix something in a food processor.
House set to vote on plan to reopen government
Then he is not omnipotent.
Custody, images at stake in Cruise-Holmes divorce
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
Key says marae visit a lost opportunity
A softball player swinging at a pitch.
Someone is peeling a potato.
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
A man gets knocked off of a horse.
The man sat in his chair and stared.
Asian Markets up on Strong US Jobs Data
Stone notified Captain Lord.
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
Child sliding in the snow.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
Russia, Syria Work on 'Concrete' Chemical Weapons Plan
Explosion near Damascus military airport
It doesn't have to be braindead.
South Korean President Sorry For Ferry Response
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.
iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring, verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government's development fund. 
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
A monkey is walking on a bed.
Obama renews offer to cut social safety net in big budget deal: aide
To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
The boy is stuck in the door of the doghouse.
Six US troops killed in Afghan bomb attack
"This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here."
their great wealth is protected by the govt.
Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
3 traffic accidents leave 56 dead in China
BlackBerry loses US$965m in Q2
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.
EU Moves Closer to New Iran Sanctions
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
Russia convicts dead lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial
It's about the baggage attached.
At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
US believes Syria has probably used chemical weapons
Australia: Australia hands asylum-seekers back to Sri Lanka
Clinton to testify this month on Benghazi attack
1 suspected extremist was provisionally released without bail.
Cyclone leaves trail of destruction in India
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
Yes what are his charges.
American Airlines and Pilots Agree on a New Contract
At least 33 dead as big quake hits Pakistan
Kidnapped UK aid worker killed in Pakistan
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Man sets himself on fire at Washington's National Mall
Nadal through to seventh French Open final
A woman spices some seafood.
i be having conversations will cornell west What the hell is this?
Israel Carrying Out Ground Offensive In Gaza
Myanmar police say 13 children die in electrical fire at mosque
That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
Teenager kills 8 in knife attack
general nikolai n. urakov stated by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency. 
Thirty-Seven Dead In Italy Tour Bus Plunge
U.S. bans carry-on liquids, gels on flights to Russia
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
Prince Charles 'compares Putin to Hitler'
Indian Maoist rebels offer talks to free Italian hostages
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
A woman picking up a large rock.
Kids play soccer on a field.
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
A tiger is walking around.
the abductee support group hopes parliament will change the laws soon. 
Three Afghans dead in new blast at US base in east Afghanistan
EU foreign ministers seek solution on Syria arms
A man is lifting a barbell.
Ashya's Parents Arrive For Extradition Hearing
The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
A guy is singing while playing his guitar.
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking.
Turkey, US weigh no-fly zones for Syria
Hamas mixed sex schools ban takes effect
A girl is jumping onto a car.
Southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch
russia's suspension of obligations under the cfe treaty is temporary.
that is not an answer.
Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
drug traffickers face the death penalty under tajik law. 
A dog is walking around a pool.
Burial of Boston bombing suspect appears legal
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.
CCTV of gunmen in Tunisia museum attack
Obama to meet with Mandela family
A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.
Israel sanctions Palestinians in new blow to peace talks
He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said.
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
Nelson Mandela's health 'unstable'
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
A person is stirring rice.
A baby is falling asleep.
UN chief condemns attack against peacekeepers in Mali
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
China manufacturing index at 11-month low: HSBC
A man is spitting.
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
India: Tear Gas Fired At Gang Rape Protesters
In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
A man is playing the drums.
Russians leaving Syria cross into Lebanon
Because the people had awakened.
A baby elephant is eating.
Of course there were no weapons.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
At least 18 killed in North Caucasus train station blast
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
North Korea Offers Talks: Complex May Re-Open
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
the meeting was 3 days long. 
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
A man pushes another man into the ocean.
I thought it was good, and I didn't find it confusing.
A tiger cub is making a sound.
the resolution includes a broadened list of individuals and entities subject to an assets freeze.
Blitzbokke beaten by NZ
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
Rallies demand 'Justice for Trayvon'
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A boy plays baseball.
Tropical Storm Isaac boosts jobless claims
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
Tokyo stocks close down 0.26pc
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
Former LAPD officer sought in Irvine slayings
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
Doctor treating Aurora shooting suspect had medical reprimand
A boy is playing the trumpet.
A boy plays a piano.
Markets Live: Waiting for China data
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
A woman is in the rain.
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
An old woman is shaking hand with a man.
The man is playing the violin.
A man plays the keyboard with his nose.
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.
"Then the captain was gone.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
Manning WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing phase
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
president dmitry medvedev's statement was posted on the kremlin website and carried in full by state news agencies. 
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.
Two young women shear a sheep.
there is no chance at a fair trial.
Mayawati demands Presidents rule in Jammu and Kashmir
Florida The ignorance is yours!
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
Egypt orders arrest of Brotherhood chief Badie
Originally Posted by jacko!
Edwards found not guilty on one count; mistrial on others
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
A man takes a piece of pepperoni pizza out of a pizza box and puts it on the lid after he closes the box.
Hamas Urges Hizbullah to Pull Fighters Out of Syria
Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France
no missile evidence.
A woman is dancing and singing in the rain.
china's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on "dual-use" nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism. 
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.
Quiz crossword - Saturday 27th April
Chinese president concludes state visit to Denmark
A bird sits in a tree.
North Korea Confirms Third Nuclear Test
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.
A woman is cooking fish.
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
myanmar is the world's largest producer of illegal opium but has limited financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade. 
Egyptian court considers Mubarak’s release
Conmen dressed as women steal cash
The man is seasoning the vegetables.
Two are trapped as US building collapses
Also, who's to say there aren't testimonies from "real" health experts on there?
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
Gunmen kill 6 polio workers in Pakistan
Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
Chinese stocks close lower Thursday
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
The hedgehog chewed on the towel.
A tan puppy being petted.
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
Delhi Gang Rape Suspect 'Beaten, Poisoned'
Cricket-England v Australia fourth test scoreboard
Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
Greek PM accuses coalition of hypocrisy
"It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," says one banker.
Children play fight with swords.
Audi to buy motorcycle maker Ducati
Syria, opposition agree 'in principle' to attend peace conference
A man walking a large black horse.
A woman is rowing a boat.
Room with several computer monitors.
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
The women are sitiing down.
China lands robot rover on moon
A woman is sitting at a desk.
The military officer barked at the recruits.
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended version until russia withdraws troops from former soviet republics moldova and georgia.
Small dog sitting next to white wall.
A car is driving along the road.
A woman is cutting meat.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
A onion is being sliced.
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
Israeli soldiers kill Palestinian woman in West Bank
Facebook profits jump as user base expands
What the Pope's butler saw – aide arrested over Vatican leaks
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
Nigeria lawmaker charged over alleged bribery
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism. 
China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday
existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months. 
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
vietnam has among the world's harshest drug laws. 
The whole earth combined produces enough food for  billion people.
Two killed, seventeen injured in Raiwind road accident
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleads not guilty to Boston bombing charges
Sri Lanka seek one-day revival against Pakistan
A lion is pacing in a pen.
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
A woman is slicing some tuna.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
A train is at a train station.
Israel advances plan to build 900 settlement homes
Search after man swept into sea
A group of sheep grazing on a hill.
Indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants
Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war
voted Voted It's definitely NOT what it used to be.
Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
India Ink: Image of the Day: May 21
Everyone else at the current prosperity level of Mexico.
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
A woman is cutting meat into pieces.
However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
You have to much intervention in free markets, not too little.
Boston bombing suspect identified on surveillance video, no arrest
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
A man is preparing some dish.
Romney vows to restore 'promise of America'
russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover.
Gunmen surround Libyan foreign ministry to push demands
A man is riding a motor scooter.
A man and a woman are talking to each other.
China Scrambles to Reassure Jittery Stock Traders
A woman holds a kangaroo.
East Harlem explosion death toll rises
UN Condemns Ethnic Killings in South Sudan
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
france is a leader in the european space agency.
The man drilled holes into the wood.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
the osce meeting lasted two days.
A band is playing and singing on a stage.
A woman is cutting potatoes.
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday
"This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting," said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
Australia to establish the world's largest marine reserve
AL renews condemnation on Syria's violence
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
A person is slicing a shallot.
Mayawati demands president's rule in Kashmir
The ladies are performing a dance.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
Timelapse of Costa Concordia operation
A man is carrying another man on his back.
A man is dancing on the road.
A car is driving down the road.
U.S. says saddened by shooting on Afghan civilians
Swiss tourist gang raped in India, say police
A man is skating.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990. 
Obama widens lead over Romney despite jobs data: Reuters/Ipsos poll
School bomb attack kills two in southern Thailand
Pro-Palestinian activists prepare flotilla to break Gaza blockade
Russia asks UN to consider its inquiry of Syria chemical arms use
6.1-magnitude quake strikes Indonesia
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
ALL of the electrical energy ultimately comes from the alternator.
A woman covers a piece of meat with flour.
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
Hezbollah urges to elect new Lebanese president
Moon rocks indicate earth's orb born of collision
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
First significant gas found offshore Kenya
Aust shares up 1% after interest rate cut
Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal
Israel shoots down drone from Lebanon
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe.
Muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
A white dog walking in the snow.
Journalists smuggled out of Homs
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
Cuba's 'Ladies' to Pick Up EU Prize 8 Years Later
Russian Orthodox Church rallies faithful after criticism
At the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges.
South Africa unites in prayer and song for Nelson Mandela
Mandela remembered by family, as stadium memorial service is planned
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
UK says investigating 2 suspected MERS cases
US missiles kill 15 in Pakistan: officials
A young woman dressed in black.
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
A woman is dancing in railway station.
the cyber attack occurred after the french president sarkozy's meeting with the dalai lama angered the chinese government. 
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
Many people run in a race on a street.
Two surfers on riding a small wave.
Tropical Storm Karen weakens as it nears U.S. Gulf Coast
russian president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty due to circumstances that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure.
Therefore you are not a Christian.
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
A wallaby is licking a woman's hand.
Mandela movie to open this month in South Africa
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
Suicide bomber kills 16 in Afghanistan
US praises Ukraine deal; calls for concrete action
South Africans Mourn as Mandela Buried
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
A boy is playing an instrument.
A brown dog is running in a field.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
Do you understand why non-US residents are also relevant to the statistics?
Angela Merkel wins third term in German elections
If evidence is not provided to support a position; then it should be rejected.
South Korea Ferry Crew Members Stand Trial
JK Rowling launches her first adult novel
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 362
A snowboarder flies through the air.
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.
French parliament backs reform of law on prostitution
40 inmates are serving sentences for murder. 
Focus Shifts to Greece After Spain Secures Bank Bailout
A small white cat standing in a sink.
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
Johnston made $5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president, and as a part-time adviser earned $1 million in 2002.
Strauss-Kahn investigated in French prostitution ring
Man dies in French 'anti-terror operation'
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
Motor Racing: Button fastest in year's first F1 practice
Queen visits Britain's new prince
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.
the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing.
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
Israel's Peres calls for return to peace talks
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.
Spanish dilemma gets more acute
Cambodian opposition rejects Hun Sen election win
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
Not as irritated as you.
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
Egyptians vote on constitution change
Sewol ferry disaster: Body of South Korean shipping tycoon found
Fundamental difference?
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
UN report says both sides in Syria abuse rights
illegal arms trafficking increases in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflicts. 
Dozens killed in Russian plane crash
Bodies Found at Russian Jet Crash in Indonesia
amnesty international's report was compiled by european and international non-governmental organizations such as saferworld, which opposes armed violence. 
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that panama and brazil signed 3 juridical-issue treaties that included an extradition
A girl makes up her bed.
Turkish riot police tear gas Taksim Square protest
A boy is playing a key-board between the people.
Kranjcar leaves it late to rescue QPR against Moses-inspired Stoke
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program. 
Two brown dogs running together on sand
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
Yorkshire soldier killed in Afghan bomb blast
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
Head of CIA resigns over affair
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.
China's new PM rejects US hacking claims
Two men are playing guitar.
Rio de Janeiro airport workers strike on eve of World Cup
15 killed and scores injured in suicide bombing at Russian train station
china is an important force for promoting world development.
Pakistani girls learn a hard lesson
A woman is tapping her fingers.
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Hi Wiggies!
Egyptians Vote On New Constitution
Olympics Opening Ceremony A Hit Around Globe
The prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.
At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
"Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through," she said.
not well Alright just got in.
6 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
Washington: Court Upholds Voting Rights Act in Alabama Case
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
Pussy Riot verdict greeted with defiance
Barack Obama admits US has 'more nuclear weapons than we need'
Syrian forces shoot civilians on bus
Anti-government protesters storm the streets of Kyiv